Did you suffer any injuries?
Why did you feel guilty? People really shouldn't drive drunk.
Yeah I wanted to tell you about the time I was hit by a drunk driver I'm so happy to still be alive after that experience
Yeah he was punished hes in jail still
Sorry to hear! do you have any idea about the break up? did you think about it ?
Sorry again! hope you'll get relief from this sadness. Please concentrate on your interests to divert your mind from this.
Which Concert?
Wow, that's awesome! I have never been to an actual concert.
Ugh, those articles always get me too... :( What was wrong with her?
Jeez! Its so unfortunate... very sad really.
That is nice of you. What did you do?
Which one?
He will, I have faith.
No problem. What kind of work does he do?
That's not good. Do you own a gun?
That is always number one goal.
3 years is a long time. How come?
Oh I see. They must miss you, too.
That isn't very nice.
Yes. I do not have a Facebook.
That's horrible.
Yes I do not like walmart.
That's horrible. Did you tell on him?
That's a tough situation.
I guess it makes you appreciate things you used to take for granted, lol. But it doesn't last forever and is worth it.
That's a full time job raising a human
Oh, I'm sure you are lonely. Maybe you can join some kind of club that lets you meet new friends?
That's a good idea! This way you can also meet friends for yourself, but also maybe meet new friend's for your children to hang out with while you do with their moms!
Oh man. i'm all about discipline! I don't like spoiled bratty kids
Yes, i've heard some parents don't ever say no to their kids. makes no sense
Ok
Did things end amicably? I hope everything is good now!
I understand that, I hope things work out well for you both in the end!
That is a very blessed day. It is something you will never forget.
Yes, I couldn't agree more. It is remarkable how your feeling suddenly change.
I bet that must have been nerve wracking until it happened.
Oh I'm sure. I would not like to be in a situation like that. Good thing everything worked out for you.
Oh really? What happened with your family and friend then?
Oh wow, that's awful. Stuff like that really teaches you to appreciate what you've got and to not take it for granted.
I agree, someimes we just know
Exactly, I get that entirely!
That's great! How did they surprise you?
That is so sweet of them, I hope you enjoyed it!
Awww, That sucks man. Hopefully they don't say mean things to you about being lonely.
Well I used to be lonely a lot but I eventually found someone. I think you will too.
Yeah that is always odd to me, before they can talk they are already unique!
That is how it goes, sometimes you can just figure them out immediately
I understand that one,they are my favorite place to eat
That has happened to me too many times to count
That must have been and intense and emotional moment for you.
Uau, what a surreal moment.I always believe kids have a lot to teach us.
I'm sure it will! I didn't get along with my dad until I became an adult.
Yes it did. I believe she just waited it out and tried to neutralize the conversation when we were together.
Where you not secure in your self?
You can track her down to say sorry, or would that be creepy?
Wow, so your going to take being a bad person to the grave. Maybe you'll see her in the next life?
Lucky you! That is rare. Maybe one day people will think of you like that?
I have something totally different. My boss is clueless to the world and have no business being a leader.
Well I've been in the business all my life and have worked for some great people. So I pull from what I learned from them.
It's crazy how quickly kiddos grow! Even in a few weeks time! Do you see your friend and her baby often?
That is how life goes! Different schedules and demands -- I'm sure she's so thrilled when she *does* get to see you!
Wow, that is an amazing accomplishment!  Congratulations!  You gotta be feeling like you're on top of the world after that!
My first thought was "California" but then there's Venice [Italy] and then either way, that's an amazing destination!
Oh, wow.  Not only to be able to do all the running but to view the scenery!
I'm sorry to hear that! How did you find out?
That's a real bummer, but as they say, there are plenty of fish in the sea!
I feel the same way.
I practice boxing. I love to punch the sandbags.It is very therapeutic.
Oh no that is terrible!  How did your daughter take it?
Oh poor thing.  I hope she is doing better now.  Losing a pet is extremely hard!
Ooo they are gonna love it, just its expensive, I remember when it was only $20 to get in.
Which one are you going to California or Florida ?
Cool.  Somethings never change.  What did you reflect upon?
Yeah, I miss my dad.  He died several years ago.  What kind of car is he looking for?
I'm trying to get into it. we have our first baby on the way and need to reorganize everything. Do you have tips?
My big thing is i'm like O' I may need that leave it out of the tote box. Before I know it I have more stuff laying around then when I started.
Well, sometimes people are busy and don't have the time to check emails
Text and emails are still the best option., until a nw way is created.
Isn't that what sisters are for?  What were you guys upset about?
Maybe once you feel like you can bring it up again, you can try to approach the topic from another angle.
Congratulations! Where did you travel from and where did you end up?
That must have been quite the culture shock, glad it all worked out though!
I know, that actually happens to me sometimes! Last year I didn't get accepted into this fellowship and for a couple of weeks I was underestimating myself a lot.
Yea for sure, I definitely learned that sometimes life just works in a funny way. When's the last time you have been really disappointed?
I totally understand why he was mad. Why did you tell her?
I guess he wanted to be available if she needed him.
What is a back neighbor? And that is crazy!
Oh my! I'm glad she apologized!
I understand. I am think the same thing. What is your health issue?
Yes, we should try to yourself heathy
Oh, it sure is, I feel the same way. They grow up so fast!
One of them is! I have an 18 year old and a 12 year old.
I bet you were beautiful on that day. :) I hope that confidence has carried on since then!
It would be hard to replicate that day for sure, but I bet you have a lot to be confident about. You got this!
I bet it's tough. A regular income is nice but the freedom you get from working for yourselfs is better.
Your so lucky. Insurance is my number one worry every month.
Oh ya? What happened?? I'm intrigued
Woah plot twist. She brought him along to meet you?
OH I love the beach!!  Which beach are you going to go to?
PCB is where we always go! If you want to drive a little bit, go to HUNTS in PCB - it's off the beaten path but THE best seafood and prices - just go early (like 4oclock) for dinner or you won't get in!!
Why didn't you go?
Is she always a flake? Maybe time for a new friend?
Did he do anything to you and your mom?
I am glad that nothing happened.
No, you didn't tell me! What happened?
Oh no! Is she okay?! Don't beat yourself up too much, you couldn't have ever imagined that she had been in an accident.
What happened?
I love Fireball.
No, what happened?
That's horrible. Will they reschedule?
Who, tell me!
Wow, what happened?
That is very nice gift. Did you bought anything for him for Father's day?
That is great.
Oh what job was the interview for?
I think you got it man! Congratz!
Oh my  are you really serious?
I am very glad it has a happy ending. Sounds a bit scary
Oh no, what did you do?
Did you ever tell your friend?
Oh no, I hate when that happens. I can sympathize with you because that's happen to me twice! Its okay in the winter time and you can sort of keep your food fresh but not during the summer
I wish refrigerators would have a warranty that replaced food when they went bad.
Wao, you must fell weird about it! what you thinki to do about it?
SUper tough situation, I think you should let her know, and let her decides next
Oh, I'm sure you were embarrassed! But, maybe you can laugh about it now?
Well, I'm sure mom had a laugh lol! I can imagine how you felt at the time though!
Ah, that sounds fantastic! Which ocean will you be enjoying?
Sounds awesome! Do you have a beachside beverage or traditions that you enjoy? (Mine would be tequila + lime...very Jimmy Buffett ;-))
Well, that's impressive! I can see why you are proud. Sounds like a hard working young lady!
Yes, I was the same way too! I started working two days after I turned 16 so I could have my own money too!
Absolutely I agree I always try to not even bring cart unless I have too many too carry.
Yes me too Now if everyone would just take our lead lol
Oh wow. Do you know whether it will be a boy or girl yet?
First time parent?
What kind of work do you do?
Actually I'm not, but it sounds very interesting and by working with different organizations, I would imagine it's also exciting and new every day.
I agree, its always nice to have people around you who are smarter in some areas
Yes men are definitely a bad idea when it comes to life and business
Baby belugas are cute, but not as cute as your baby!
That is so funny! I don't think she'll want to be compared to an ant when she gets older. You'll have to remind her.
That is great!!  Sometimes we mom's get a bit forgotten, so to have an entire day where we are just loved is such a great feeling.
Those words are the things we cherish more than any other thing, I love it when my girls do that!
I am not sure, it was pretty random
No, nothing at all
I know
That is exciting news!  I bet you were so surprised!
Ha!  What a neat day to announce it - did they do any special kind of announcement?  I see so many videos of interesting and neat ways to make that announcement.
I do watch Netflix sometimes.  Do you watch?
I haven't heard of that one.  What genre does it fall in?
Sounds interesting!
Did it go your way?
That is great - have you found another job yet?
I hate traffic too, it makes me angry
People are so rude when they drive these days
I can imagine! That was a terrifying movie.
That happened to me too.. with the other Exorcist movies and the Ring movies. Even though they scared me, I was too curious to not see the others.
She sounds like a person with great ability. Great choice of friend.
That's great. I wish I had someone so close like that!
Is that a bad sign? Perhaps the plant is not getting enough nutrition or sunlight?
Oh, I see. I am not much of a horticulturist but it makes sense that it could be over-saturated.
Put what word ? You mean published the info?
So what breed did you get ?
I would be too! You did what you had to do!
Do you find the home buying experience worth it?
How long do you plan on staying in that house?
Well that's awesome! I'm happy for you!
You shouldn't, because that is  a very stressful job
And don't forget how many years they have to study in order to get a license for surgery
Really? Do you know what you want to do when you graduate? I know sometimes it's tough to settle on a path.
That sounds like a great career plan. You will be filling a very important role in the physician's practice!
I'm not sure. What would you do?
Maybe I will try that. Do you think it will work?
Oh no, that sounds like an awful situation. What did you end up doing after that?
So exciting! It can be fun to have a roommate
I love that. Lots of new friends, haha
I've heard a lot of people say something similar. Did you go there a lot?
Where I grew up didn't have one nearby so I get a little jealous hearing about it.
Good lord you must have had Facebook for a LONG time! I started mine in college so there isn't anything from my younger years.
Oh ok lol. I completely understand. I had a friend share a post about making mix tapes from the radio with a cassette player. Totally remember doing that!
I am 33 :)
Me too, bullies are part of the reason that I homeschooled.
Well, I was referring to my own kids. They have adjusted well at 17 and 19.
I also saw it and felt like it was pretty good. Much better than the My Little Pony Movie. That was TORTURE.
Yeah it was so boring. Even my kids got bored and they had been dying to see it,
That's not nice of them. Why do they keep taking it??
Sorry to hear that. I found that it helps to have multiple savings accounts, so whenever you get a certain amount of money (like $5, $10) save it and be strict not to spend it.
LOL! This is perfect timing because I had the " You are an adult not a child" conversation with my girlfriend not too long ago. I had left popsicle wrapper on the night stand and it got sticky. I argued if you are willing to date someone who likes to eat Popsicles in bed, then you have to deal with the consequences.
Okay, it wasn't just one, it was three: One cherry, and two grape. How anyone can eat just one at a time? Oh, the number of wrappers was also brought up. Like, I don't care if yuo bought them for the kids, I am part of this household as well. I tried to make it a teaching moment about how if you don't get the popsicles first someone else would, but I think my arguments have been falling on deaf ears for awhile now, lol
Wow. I'm so sorry to hear that. That would be incredibly hard. What happened?
That's horrible. I'm really sorry about your friend.
That's a beautiful name! It's cool you honored your friend in that way.
I can't even imagine. I've never lost anyone super close to me yet...
Did you not have a car? That's hard. I don't have one now and use Uber and Lyft all the time.
That is incredible! I swear some things in life are determined by fate. I'm glad you were able to get a car.
It's incredible, and so important. That's why I try to pass on the kindness whenever I am able.
Yes.My first was when I turned 18.
LOL.You had to beg your husband for a surprise party??
Did you have candles or a flash light to help yous see?
Well atleast you have something to help you guys.
How did you do
That is great! My B.S. ( I always hate saying that because I have to say I have my BS in psychology) is in Psychology.
Pet? Like dogs and other?
Wow, seriously I hate those pets being around me
From where?
Congrats ,that's a step forward
I am so sorry. I can't imagine what you must have went through.
That must have been really hard.
Really?  What kind of work does he do?
Wow.. that is impressive.  Are you guys still friends?  Maybe he could get you a job in one of his stores.
Awww... reminds me of the show hoarders when the family members argue over silly things like that.  What was the necklace all about did you make it or something?
Well why did you have it if it belonged to them?  Did you pawn it?
That's sweet of them. Maybe you could make it up to her buy getting her a special mom necklace with your spare cash.
All the time.  That is part of listening to music I suppose.  The songs remind you of when you first heard them.
I know what you mean.  However, the older I get the more I want to go back LOL.
Oh no!  What happened to it?
So sad!  I am sorry.  Don't feel too bad its natural for them to want to be outside.
It is so sad to know but my mother is rather sick of flu and not dying
Oh yes but it is not as bad and you cannot call it dying like in Cancer patient
Did you get sick afterwards
I do not think sushi is that good too. The best option is to stop eating them in any form of food
Damn that sounds like a pretty good one! How did that turn out?
That's how all pranks should be!
I am so sorry to hear that. Is there any chance you might be able to reconcile???
Oh that's too bad. ): I don't want to overstep but I always like to encourage people to hold on to their love for each other no matter what trials come up.
I think that's good! If you are meant to be together you'll feel it and it will work out I think, if you just keep your conviction and stick with it. Good luck with it!
Aw, that's sweet! I really am hoping y'all make it through this together. (:
So sad,you can never force someone to love you. You will find the right person for you.
Don't give up on love.It the best feeling ever to experience. Wish you well.
Do you have a good chance with her. Have you talked to her about it?
That will be better. Talk to her before you lose her
Probably one where I got a limo with all my friends and went to this restaurant, it was great. What about yours, what makes your friends so great too?
I wish my friends bought me alcohol, that would make for a hell of a night!
Hi are you there?
That must be hard I always wished I had a sister though I have a brother
Oh my! You must have been terrified! Did everything turn out ok?
That is not good at all. That is a very scary situation.
I have not tried yet, but I feel like it would be enjoying and full of delight
I live in a place where it only snows once in 10 years. So, I think I am passing on that
You are so lucky. Mums are the best. What do you do for her?
You should spend time with her whilst you can. My mum died and I wish I had been with her more.
Nothing went wrong, we just have different lives in different places. I go visit every now and then.
I did not revise. Sometimes exams are failed and things are not corrected.
That is great that you have an awesome Mom!
Yes I do love my mom very much.
Ooh, am so sorry about that. Have you tried to talk to her?
That will help you know her stand on your relationship
Well I am a mover so I have to bring heavy furniture up and down stairs.
It pays decent and feeds the kids so I can't complain.
That's awesome. What are you majoring in?
Sometimes it's good to have something you enjoy make money so you can pursue your passion without worrying about it.
That is such a bummer. Why did you keep watching them?
I understand being fascinated by them they can be very intriguing. Maybe you should stop watching as many though.
I like scary movies as well so I know how addicting they can be.
It is actually "Scream."
Oh yeah, Donald Trump is such a charlatan. He has some really shady history too. I'm actually a Christian and a conservative but I'm appalled that everyone on the "right" have fallen for this guy. He's so against what the real conservative values are supposed to be.
Yeah, I am sad about the whole left vs. right thing in general. Ultimately we should all be uniting against the corrupt people that are running amok in the government.
Awwww. congratulations. what is your major
Lovely. that's really great. wishing you all the best
That is interesting, how does he buy you stuff or is he just really nice?
I am happy for you wish I could find a nice lover like that.
Yes, I think they offer a great bridge to the past. Do you?
That's great. It sounds like a very good situation to be in.
:( I'm very sorry. Have you tried telling her how you feel? That could affect her decision.
I know it's hard to build the confidence needed to do something like that, but you don't want to keep them to yourself. If you really think she is the woman of your dreams then you have to try
I'm not quite following. Anything you want to tell me about?
Well did you have any story or anything that you had in mind that you wanted to tell me? I told you a story of mine before so you owe me haha.
That is really nice of her.  It is nice to have someone to help you do things sometimes.
Yes.  Too many people these days are mean to one another!
That's so sad, I hope you've gotten over it.
That's good, death is a natural part of life.
No,u don't have to be
Yes,u will surely get over it
That is very special and I am so happy for you.
Yes, married for 15 years and it is still great.
That's good to have a loving family.
I am I love them very much. However we live on opposite parts of the country.
Wow, 7 years? You were really young then
But did you tell your friend about it later?
Oh no! That must have been super embarrassing! How did you react to that?
My goodness, well I guess that happens to all of us at least once.
That sounds fun, starting a new life is always great!
West Coast is fun, but it can be expensive.
Because she was what?
I think that is a good news for you both since you are not married
I can imagine the loneliness someone can experience.
Get your self a friend to stay with for a couple of months.
Wow, please make it real.
Wow, I belief u can make it.
Who is supplying these snacks?
Sounds like a cupboad cleaning is necessary. If they ain't around, they can't be eaten.
Why did she go visiting?
Really? so she would have travelled with him
That sounds horrible. You must've been mad.
Where was this?
Well,it can happen like that atimes
Yes,it really hurts
Am sorry to hear that. what happened to the mother
Soryy, may she rest in peace, please try comfort your wife
Damn, very confident huh? What job did you apply for?
Oh wow, that outta pay very well.
Oh boy that is the worst, so frustrating! Has there been any change since?
Hahaha you put the hammer down good for you bro. How are things with the new wife going?
You remember that show hahaha totally my twin. I'm glad for you bro. Good luck to you!
Oh my god! How old is he?
You really need to let him know not to do that again, he could've really gotten himself and others hurt!
Really? What makes them A list?
Yeah I have lol. What's your brothers name?
Not being able to fit into an old wedding dress, is one of a womans worst nightmare.
The dress was a few years old, I couldn't believe it didn't fit.
I like Starbucks. But they're a little expensive for me to go there often.
A latte.
Wao,thats great,congrats!
That's good to know,keep it up
Wow, that will be so devastating for you
So, how did you now do it
Report to their management
Just give it a trial
Haha, how did she feel when she found out?
Oh no! Those cookies sure do sound delicious though.
Dang, I hated that. At least it's not cow poop, that's worst.
Oh man, you gotta super clean it, have the professionals do it even
How do you make it?
Good to know.  I will do it like it next time.
Congrats! What gender did your child end up being?
That's great my man! I can't wait for my first son. So far 6 daughters :(
Don't panic, and don't be harsh on the kid. perhaps spend time going over the subject together? or maybe he's having other trouble that's affecting his studies
It's better to do what you're passionate about. do that and success follows
That's cool.  For what class
God works in mysterious ways
Wow. I would be too. I love guitar, it's my favorite musical instrument. I wonder if he was born blind
Just goes to show that people can be amazing. Just never give up, persistence is the key
Oh no! that sounds annoying. Did you end up getting help?
That sounds terrible! I hope everything gets sorted! Be positive
That's amazing, congratulations. 12 Kids your amazing.
Haha, your a player.
That's creepy. What do you think they were, hyenas?
Must have been quite a sight.
Oh,will u be going to pay him a visit?
Hope u will not indulge in such act like theft again?
Wow, that is a great news
Wow, that is a really good club
Is this your first son?
Awesome! Any daughters? What will be your sons name?
Holy Moses! I hate them things. Flying rats is what they are.
Lol. don't do the crime if can't face the Bat ;)
Praise God man! He really is amazing and we should always be grateful for we have
Amen! so true. Its especially awesome when He picks us up in every fall. His love never fails
For real? that must've been embarrassing. Sorry to hear about that
Well that's good and bad. hopefully the joke didn't carry on too long
I love me some Tupac. Real talk.
Me too. I always end up on the 90s hip hop station on Pandora.
Sorry to hear that. Did someone do anything against the company selling the food?
Someone should have sued them.
Oh yes, at least, you will be in a position to help them in return
That is good. You have a good heart
You must feel awful,  Why don't you come clean, maybe you will feel better.
Yes Jesus can save you if you ask him.  He always forgive.
He deserved that, I think.
Wow, interesting.
Wow, you must have felt jealous
Hahahaa, its not easy though, I would have done same
When you have responsibilities that you really care about, you do what you have to. I commend him. ITs hard raising a family,
Oh wow. I've never heard of that many sick days.
Cool.
So, what was she lying to you about?
Oh, she shouldn't have done that
Oh no how horrible
Oh no
I hate public schools ooo
But it's really cool atimes
That's cool, I did online school in high school
Well were pretty close in age
I remember him, he was going to be a great actor.
Yeah he might do a pretty good job as that character.
Adapting to life is always good to do.
That's a great attitude to have. You should keep with that.
How awful! how do you feel about it?
Yes I understand, it is really sad when you find that people you have known a long time can be very different from what you thought.
Lols why didn't you do anything
Awww but it's still good that you didn't push him, Cox it might lead to something else
Oh My Goodness! How wonderful!!!! That is so awesome! Congratulations.
Wow! I better! I Stopped at Associates of General Studies, because I wanted to be a mom more. So that is a HUGE step for you!
This is TRUE! I am glad to be at home with these guys right now. Have a great day!
Congratulations! I hope to get a house next year
I bet! Hard work pays off
Things happen that are bad, I am sure it wasn't your fault.
I am sure they forgave you in the end.
Music always seems to be better from the past, I understand all too well.
I totally agree, new music is not as good.
I get paid today as well! What game are you thinking about getting?
Didn't that game come out a few months ago? I got it shortly after I released and I wasn't very impressed. It wasn't a bad game, but it certainly was not the best game.
Congratulations. That sounds like the fast track.
Cool. Maybe next year you will be a partner!
I hope you get it
I am so sorry to hear that! Is there a particular section you are having trouble with?
Ah! That's quite understandable. It is tricky at first and non-intuitive. I practiced driving in reverse with cones in an abandoned lot.
I know it's hard, but practice makes perfect! Keep trying and I am sure you will get it!
Why what is the matter?
Hmmm! That is just annoying being an alcoholic. I purely understand your situation as I have gone through it. Well! life goes on.
That is great..congrats....
That's creepy honestly
Yeah whispering in someones ear is weird
Nice! What job is going for
Cool.  Hope he gets it, I hear they pay pretty well
Just you. No security?
I would be too.
That's nice, how long did it take you ?
Fantastic, now do you have a job lined up?
I've been in a fender bender not a total wreck.
Man, how was your insurance policy for that?
Yes, Several times in my life. Mostly me and my older brother when we were younger.
What started the fist fight in the first place?
I haven't heard of it
Everything old makes a come back!
One of my favorite places to eat. I love the swirled ice cream cones.
Over priced food is no fun. I like dollar menus.
Yep! Not really that fun to have since you see things at times.
Man that is scary! Granted I like to hear things about that.
Yes when I was young I did all the time, but I think after I turned 18 I got this weird fear of being so high up in the air. What about you?
Wow that's really cool! You must be happy to know about that stuff its interesting!
What a creep. I hope that you told on him.
Some people are like that. Did you tell your husband?
Where are you headed ?
Great, I hope you have a nice trip. How long will you be staying?
That's great! It was meant to happen then
I would have been too. I've never been fired. I always quit
I remember taking Home Ec. I loved that class
Oh wow, puppies are nice.  What kind of puppy did you get?
That's a nice breed of dog.  I just went on a camping trip with a relative who has one, they are very loyal and smart of course.  Was he/she your first pet?
That's good! you should be proud of yourself
That's great! I hate when people cheat
I can only imagine having to wait at the table alone, wondering if she'd show up. At least, it sounds like, she finally arrived.  Did she specify a reason for being so late?
That's good. I can somewhat relate. I think the longest I've waited on someone was a colleague who was supposed to meet us at happy hour, and ended up getting delayed by our boss for 45 minutes. We were glad she made it out, but I did feel worse for her than for all of us.
Ahhh! Me too, there is so much that can be done on the weekends!
I understand that! I have a bunch of pet snakes that wake me up thru the night!
Actually that has happened to me, during Thanksgiving
I'm from NC mountains, it can be tricking driving when the snow is latying fast
That is a smart idea. Sometimes I would have no choice, but to keep going, bacsue of having to drive to work.No matter what the weather is.
I understand your pain. My parents are also separated.
It just makes you mature faster. Just look at it like blessing in disguise.
That sucks.   Did you end up coming up with an alternate plan?
That's good to hear.  How was the beach?
That would take away from her time with you. Was it for you?
That would be a really nice surprise then!
Why'd you steal it
Oh yea what kind of shirt was it
What did you do to pass the time?
I love video games.
That sucks, why didn't you find a new apartment?
Maybe you should leave Florida.
Oh that's nice, what was she able to get for you?
That's awesome of her to be able to get you something you really wanted
Omg, I have seen one of those!
I believe that!
What did you do?
Did she get mad at you?
Haha that sucks! did you take him/her out to pee recently?
What did you have for lunch?
That is amazing, good work.
How long did it take you?
Oh wow. Did she break up with you?
Don't sweat it man. There is plenty of fish in the sea anyways.
Nice, I wish I could do a wheelie!
Yeah, I tried skateboarding in my childhood but was too scared to break something, lol.
Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you ever figure out what happened?
Oh, well that's a somewhat happy ending I suppose.
Haha I'm sorry! My dog is chill now but he ate a hole in the wall when he was a puppy lol
Yeah lol what breed is yours? Mine is a golden so he loves eating stuff. Now it's thankfully just actual food.
Yea, I am like that, too. Did you apologize?
It happens. Like you said, we can't all be perfect.
Who did you do all those things with? Sounds like a wonderful day!
They must have been really happy.
There are so many spectacular views on this planet
It's a shame that people are letting these marvels pass them by.
That can really make you lose your faith in wanting to trust people
No not really because we are all human and make mistakes.
Oh, wow! My son was terrified of tornadoes because of that darn movie, and we don't really even get tornadoes where we live! Did you ever live through a tornado?
Aw, poor little thing! How did you overcome this? Or, are you still afraid of them?
Your mom sounds awesome!  Wow, what a cool thing to say!
We get carried away with our emotions sometimes. Did you explain it to them?
I'm glad you're not too prideful to admit your mistakes to your kids and used it as a teaching opportunity.
That is pretty awesome, I know if I ever got the chance it would change my life as well.
I understand that, as long as I could understand the language I think I would be great anywhere.
Tell me more about this
If its an older iphone I would treasure it
Everyone values things differently
What does he do for work?
Oh wow, that is a dangerous job.
Have you had it tested ?
So you have like tunnel vision where ?
Yeah, that can be annoying especially in Walmart since so many people go there. It stresses you out when you don't need it to.
Yeah, everyone just seems miserable, so it kind of drags you down, too. But it's a necessary evil.
That is why I am scared to have kids, that sounds terrible
That seems to be the case, you win some you lose some I guess
Who would that be?
I love seeing mine too. I know how happy that must make you feel. Mine are local.
That's good to hear.  my kids will returning to school soon as well.  I can't wait!
That's cool
Every little accomplishment counts! What bills did you have to pay?
Sorry to hear that. Well, at least this will be a weight off your shoulders.
Wow, you're so determined! Did you pass your exam?
Yay! congrats! that's really awesome. you should be proud of yourself
That's really exciting! I would be so happy about that.
That's what I would do too. Do you have something in mind?
Forget him. Get yourself a real man.
If he really loved you, he would pay attention to your every need. Kick him to the curb.
Be positive. Don't deviate your mind while driving. Concentrate completely on driving. You can.
Sorry to hear this. Hope you'll get out from this fear and become a good driver.
Sounds cool.
Do you cook a lot with tomatoes
Good for you!
People just don't seem to pay attention when they are in a hurry.
That's the part that bothers me the most. When they just cut in front of you with no warning.
I know a lot of people in real life through that kind of stuff. Has been pretty great for me after 11 years. How is it for you so far.
Well we met through going to conventions and I even visited some myself. Really great bunch of people and I see places.
Well you sound like a good person
Why thank you!
Oh wow. That's crazy.
I'm glad you made amends then and no drama.
That's pretty amazing. She must be skillful regardless.
Yea, experience and skills matter a lot more.
I am familiar with that.  That is frustrating.
I ask myself the same thing.  Sometimes I think they get mad at something we do.
That is good. Do you have strong feeling for each other?
That is cute
Things? Like what kind of things?
I know what you mean! I'm literally doing the same thing right now, babysitting my neighbor's dogs in her big two-story house, all alone. Makes me feel like someone's watching me...
That's really good to hear.  Whats going on?
I work from home too.  Its so nice to be able to do laundry and things on my breaks.   I'm so productive around the house
And I can stay in my PJs all day long!
Yeah, of course I can! That sounds heartless. Maybe that shows you who your friends truly are, and you should maybe look elsewhere... Could be a wake-up call.
Oh, I misunderstood! I thought you meant you weren't invited to one that you later found out about. Hah! Then I guess the wake-up call is you have really good friends! So, you like surprise parties then? I never did.
What kinds of things are you talking about?
That's not very fair, a kind reminder could've gone a long way.
I have been there many times.
I love going to the Spurs games.
Wow that is a long time ago.
Yes, where did you go to college?
That is so disgusting.  I hate seeing that!
Sugar will do that to kids every time.  Just don't let them on a  roller coaster to make it even worse.
That sounds really painful!  You should pick them up.
They must not listen very well.
Qdoba is the BOMB! Although, I think I prefer Chipotle slightly more.
Yeah, but Chipotle has queso now! But, yeah, it isn't as good as Qdoba queso.
Wow! How is that even possible?
I wonder if they ever feel like they don't get a childhood?
Sounds like you are lucky.
That is great!
I figure your son is pretty happy as well.
Couldn't ask for a better day
That is no fun, you always hope that first one hits so they are more receptive the rest of the time
Well there is always next time!
You should take the dogs to a dog park after work and meet people!
Definitely. I think even Waze app will tell you in you search 'around me'.
Wow, that is sweet of him, does he have a crush on you?
Huh, well maybe he is starting his campaign lol
What type of dog is it?
I get that, some are just not well trained at all
Oh? That's not good. Do you think he has lots of secrets?
I'm sorry :( I do hope things can be worked out
I assume you don't get to see them often?
That's too bad. I bet you miss them.
Sorry to hear about the bad news.
How long ago did she die?
I hope you got it.
Congrats! You deserve it for keeping your faith!
How old is she?
Well, you know she'll get over it, but it does hurt.
Oh, how nice. What are your plans in that regard for the future?
What a dream come true for you that'll be.
Oh man, bills. That's awesome!
Does anyone help you with the bills?
Awh that's so sweet how long have you two known one another?
Sounds like a great friendship!
Oh no. How old is he?
Friendship is special. Did he do something to his friend?
Man, that's gotta be a horrible feeling. I think it would help if you try not to compare yourself to others.
I hope things turn out better for you. Keep fighting.
Oh man, that's awesome. I hope you get it!
Glad you rocked that interview. Sounds like it's gonna be a sweet gig.
Awww I bet that brought back memories.
What will you do with it now?
How so?
That's pretty much teaching their kids to worry about appearances than learning, too. That's too bad.
Did you name it?
That's cute. I bet he's happy.
You kinda want to hold their hand, but you know it's best they solve some problems on their own. You can't be with them all the time.
It is truely for the best. Try not to worry.
That's amazing! She must be excited.
Must be nice to have more income coming into the family.
Is he going to be okay?
Well I bet he appreciates that. We all want to be babied sometimes.
Lol. Did you tell her? You can just buy another one.
Just buy another one and don't eat it. lol
That's sucks. Does the culprit know?
That is unacceptable. What are you going to do?
That sounds so fun!
Take some medication with you just in case.
So...what happened to her
In real life? Or are you making this up
I've never imagined something like that before. Where did you see this?
That's nuts. Did the owner do anything?
I suffer a lot too when my wife is gone. What happened to him?
Ah, the evil cancer. Took my grandmother as well. I am sure he's off in a better place now.
Nice! How old is your nephew?
That's good. Gotta build and maintain those family bonds. I should be doing the same once my nephew gets older.
That sucks. Can you make it up to her somehow?
At least those things come in sets, so you can keep part of it?
It is a work award or something?
I am sure you are going to get it.
Why Thank you!
THanks for being so understanding!  I feel a little better now.
I know what you mean. Did you get the job?
I have not. What is it?
There are some bad parents out there, that's for sure. Is it hard to be a parent?
Lol, that is terrible. She should have changed his diaper before leaving the house what the heck...
That sucks. Maybe it's time to get new friends?
Don't worry, it will get better. I know you deserve better
I know exactly what you mean. My sister is entering her teenage years. I feel like it's all I can do to just not be annoying to her, so I can't even imagine what it's like for a mom.
That's good! All it takes is a good day once in a while to keep things on track until they get older. My mom just tries to be as patient and considerate with my sister so that she still feels motivated to communicate with her.
Where are you going?
I've never been to California.
That must of been terrible.
Did anyone help you?
You're making me want to do the same thing. That sounds great!
Nothing like relaxing and getting your body ready for a night of good sleep!
Was it on the phone or in person?
How did you do?
What are you referring to?
That is nce
Thank you for what?
Okay
You're welcome, but for what?
Ok then lol
Cool. That's a fun hobby.
Well habe fun I guess.
Oh no, what happened?
Oh, that's odd! I'm sorry they didn't tell you what was going on.
No problem! I hope so too. Good luck with that!
Really?
Ok
Who was your rep?
Aha. What was the association?
Did you got bored?
I understand.
That is a very long drive! How long will it take to get there?
It must be very good, if you're willing to go that far!
Wow, you're very lucky. Do you share the facilities with other people?
Which part of the country are you in? Are you by the beach?
Was it fun?
Was it recently? Happy Birthday
Oh goodness, what happened for the past 3 weeks?
Oh, I was thinking something bad happened.
Sorry to hear this! I can understand your pain.
Take care of yourself and your family.
I am sure it will be fine, do you have a preference
I am happy for you then
That is good, it is very important to be loyal in a healthy relationship!
Good for you! I wish more people were like this, unlike my ex!
You should channel that envy into motivation!
Exactly, be positive and you can buy one for yourself!
That is a great attitude to have!  It is great to have an optimistic approach to life.
I feel the same way.  We are a glass half full kind of people!
Oh poor thing, is she at least getting better?
Haha that must be nice too though, you get your own alone time for the most part!
I see, you must have felt hopeful
Good, one should always be positive
That's adorable how old is she?
She sounds like it
That's a pretty heavy realization...better tell him now that regret it later
Best of luck to you
What are your options?
Oh yeah that's always going to be up and coming for sure
It is an excellent opportunity, to know other people and places, to open up to the possibility, I assure you that it will go to you very well
You do the same thing ... the opportunity is for both
That sounds like it's rough, did your father accept your apology?
Well, I'm sure he understands, and you shouldn't feel too bad, as long as you apologized you're fine.
It happens we have to reward ourselves sometimes. dark chocolate is actually good for you!
Hey it was just one day! you got this... work extra hard for the next 5 days!
That's awesome
I'm sure your supportiveness inspires him to work as hard as he does
I totally feel you on that. I swear my neighbors have to be the loudest at night slamming their car doors and yelling outside right in front of my bedroom window.
My bedroom is first floor, and literally maybe 4 feet from the parking lot. Lucky me. Lucky you tho too with animals. lol
Did you retrace your steps
I used to lose stuff all the time.  Then I learned to relax and actively imagine all the places I'd been to.  It worked for me then, found a G-shock watch a pair of nikes and my wallet
That's great! I bet they are equally excited if not more :) are you travelling alone?
Oh I bet! you guys will have such a wonderful time together
I would be too, that is a long time!
Wow that would make for a lonely timeframe
Wow did youcall someone about that?
Wow, that sucks, that is why I wanna live all alone!
Oh my, did they notice you farted?
Must have rather awkward. Remember, farting is just natural and I am sure she understands that.
I am sorry, how have you been passing the time
I love video games, you should buy a switch!
That is a very optimistic way to look at life . I should actually look at life that way too instead of getting overwhelmed when things do not go my way
How long have you looked at life this way? is it sustainable ?
This is completely true. it involves totally re conditioning the mind .
I would totally attempt it
I am so very sorry. Have you had time to talk about it
That's good prayer can comfort, maybe you should talk to your pastor
Ooh, that's a big jump. I was considering the same thing, but I' one state above :)
I put it on hold until I fly up there this year to check things out. It's quite a big decision, and I would recommend going there for a while just to see what it's like
Yes, realistically I wish it were possible to do that everyday but general stresses of life get in the way
Maybe that's a good idea, to try and set aside a small amount of time a day to do it instead of trying to do it all the time along with everything else going on. Good idea!
Do you have any hobbies that may help you to meet people?
Same here.  Try to take advantage of your gaming and be more outgoing during gametime.
You must be ver
*very excited.  (oops).  Where did she go?
Where are you going
That sounds like fun, where in the ozakrs?
Sounds like you made the right decision.  What a bunch of A-holes
Hm maybe she liked you ha
Free pizza is good! How did you get it?
That is awesome!
It was fine how about you?
I'm not sure I feel comfortable telling you as we just met.
My day was great so far!  How about you?
That is good to hear!  I'm am sure you are grateful to experience such a good day!
Oh that sucks :( Maybe organize the socks better?
Ah. Well, chalk it up to one of those funny but awkward moments of life then!
That's great! When will you find out?
Good luck! I hope you get it.
I know how it feels to be homesick, but you have to put your wife first.
You and your wife should go out to events and try to meet new people.
Ohh man, that is a long time to be alone.  What are you going to do while she is gone?
I'm sorry.  Where did she go?
What happened? Did someone bump on your car?
Be carefull , you don't know the cray people that is out there.
That must have been awkward.
Don't worry about it. It happens to the best of us.
Nostalgia can be wonderful, can't it?
I feel the same when listening to 90s alternative music
What was going on!?
Sounds like a lot of drama ugh I hope you get some rest tonight
That's really good you feel pretty secure about it then?
Oh wow then that is really good! For someone to say that! You should be very proud of yourself.
Thar was an embarasing moment for sure
Maybe you are felling lonely these days?
Did you have an enemy or someone as a suspect?
Weird reaction. I feel like he should just do his job and not key your car.
What are you worrying about?
Well, I hope it's alright, heart problems is not something you should take lightly.
What is your favorite memory with your friends?
That sounds like so much fun! I'm glad you got to go back to revisit.
You deserved for graduating.
Just keep working hard and make them proud.
I'm glad to hear you have something you can lean on in hard times. I'm personally an Atheist but I can respect someone with faith.
I absolutely agree. As long as you aren't hurting anyone, do whatever you please!
Oh man, I'm sorry to hear that! It doesn't necessarily mean it went bad, though. Maybe they just had a more qualified candidate?
Keep your head up! Job hunting is usually stressful for most people. You got this!
I'm not jealous of my co-worker though?  What makes you think i'm jealous?
I didn't say that.
That would be sad, do you keep him in a cage?
That's nice, what does he enjoy watching?
Absolutely. Although the world isn't so black and white. Sometimes a person may have to steal to survive. Is it really wrong then?
I agree. Stealing someone else's possession when it wasn't necessary for your survival is despicable! I hate a thief!
That's so sad, I'm so sorry you had to go through that. How did it happen?
My goodness, that sounds like a tragedy. I'm sure she was a great dog friend of yours.
Do you have some big plans for the visit?
Uh oh, have you ever delivered a baby before?
Oh right, I am a doctor.
I am a baby delivering doctor!
What was the accomplishment again?
Wow, that's amazing. What made her want to go back to school?
What about this homeless person had you reevaluating things?
What's been bothering you at work? Are you not being fulfilled enough?
Oh no! I hope it didn't fall on anything or anyone!
Oh that's really nice! Its important to help each other out when things like that happen!
Who??? Male or female.Actor or singer?
Please tell me who she is!!!!!
I know exactly how you feel, I've been slipping back into paycheck to paycheck living recently. It was so much better when I had the money to pay for everything.
Hahaha yes, you are so right. Then again, I'm a Christian so I am also comforted when I remember that we have a real, more important and awesome life to look forward to one day.
Wow, that's terrible. Was anything stolen or damaged?
What a story, it's just unbelievable how these robbers have absolutely no morals.
That is is awful.Did you call the cops
You should install security cameras outside your house.
That's rough man. Got any back up interviews lined up?
I hope that you hear back from them soon. It ain't going to be rough forever - someone has got to recognize your worth eventually!
Oh no, that is terrible! What happened? What did you do!
I am so sorry that happened to you!
Yuck, sounds like an unpleasant feeling. How do you even get hair up there!
Well, at least she loves you. Maybe shoving all her hair up your nose is her way of telling you that.
Oh really?! Where you headed too?
Wow! That's on the east side of Africa isn't it?
Did you have a severe diarreia or something?
I am sure your friend will forgive you.
Oh cool! How did you win it?
Oh cool! I love chess! What did you win?
Wow that's annoying, my husband is always telling me about his co-workers being the same way.
Yeah I see what you mean. Hopefully he might realize eventually.
Sometimes it is uncomfortable to have to wait for something or someone.
Well, a wise man said that having patience was a virtue, I think you're becoming a more virtuous person by waiting.
I think you should always focus on your strength then it won't matter who is there and what they say
Also having at least one  friend in such meetings  would help. Next time  go with someone you know
That's great, how wonderful! I hope y'all had a good time.
How great, I'm glad to hear that.
How old was the child?
Wow, that's awfully young for that kind of thing.
Oh that's not good. It is hard to put all your effort in and have it go nowhere
Sometimes revamping leads to more amazing results than you could have orginially anticipated
Oh no! Are you going away this weekend?
Hopefully, she answers soon. Maybe she's taking a nap or is in the shower.
I am in the same boat, but I think that I can still be very happy and very content with the little bit of money or lack of I have.
How funny! I know how you feel though. I have always been poor.
Happiness is within and I seek that all the time. Even rich people are sad and unhappy.
Why? How did that happen?
That's so sad. I feel sorry for you.
Yeah. Do you have back up plans for this issue?
That's nice, I'm glad you feel that way.
I do feel that way, I try to always have a Christian attitude.
That's nice of her! It's always good to have friends to fall on
Oh, that's even better. That's truly a friend you can rely on. You're very fortunate.
Skateboarders have some serious skills! I can barely walk a straight line.
We all have different talents. Mine do not lie in those kind of stunts either lol!
Maybe you could try to better that?
You could start a trend.
He will make it
It will help eventually
That must have been scary. It could have gone really badly.
I hope the owner knows better next time.
Oh man! I hear you. I rescue animals and it is VERY hard to potty train them!
For sure! It is much like potty training a kid. Actually I think dogs are easier then kids lol!
THat is stressful.  Are they ok?
That is really good to hear
I certainly do.  Lucky to be healthy and able
Good question.  I am thankful to be able to park my car in my garage!
I hope you get the job! What was the position you applied for?
That sounds like it pays nice?
No. Why do you ask?
I'm sorry to hear that. How far along in the process are you?
I actually do not have any kids right now
I heard that was a really fun game though!
Seems like we all have. Some people shirk having to though.
Oh no.I hope she gets better.
Well that's good, sometimes it's our failures that really show us what we're made of.
Congratulations. I am in my twenties and still can't drive so hopefully I will get my license next year.
Did you say anything to someone?
A Burger King near me got shut down for that!
No, I do not have kids. Yours?
I bet you were really proud!
Wow. That's hard to believe lol.
Yeah, it sounds that way.
That must of been a pain! I hate waiting in lines for cashiers, they are so slow sometimes.
Stores should really open more checkouts when it is busy, especially during rush our!
Man, I'm so jealous of you. I love that new puppy stage, as tumultuous as it can be. There's just so much emotion and "new feelings" going on as you watch it grow.
Yeah, but then there's also those late nights where you have to take them out because they're not used to holding their pee/poop in. And also them peeing and pooping in the house as they learn not to do that to begin with. They just have unlimited energy, so it's hard to keep up sometimes, but also fun!
What were simpler times?
Ah, I see. Had a great childhood, hu?
Congrats! That would be really exciting. What was your project?
That's a very interesting topic. I would have loved to have seen that!
I know what that's like. I have three kids.
They never slept in the crib lol. I won't even make my son get a haircut because he cries so much when the clippers get close. I'm the wrong one to come to for advice lol
That sounds heavenly
I envy you.  Have fun!
Time sure does fly and change is inevitable
Thinking about past events can be very nostalgic
What happened?
Time to find a new job it sounds like! good luck
Awesome! What is he in college for?
Holy goodness! That is really specialized. You should be very proud! :)
That is very good to hear, hopefully things truly turn around for him.
Not yet, I just have one dog.
Oh that's neat! Did you find anything good?
Oh I remember when those came out and everyone thought they were going to be worth millions someday!
Wow, that's incredible. I don't even make my own bed.
Of course... haha. Why doesn't anyone pay adults to make their beds?
Wow, that sounds very disgusting.
I hope the baby rat is okay.
I'm so sorry but great to hear she is better now!
Well I'm glad to hear it's resolved.
Oh that's nice, I love doing that. Did the cat seem happy?
Well how nice, that must have been fun.
Wow that must have been scary!
How long were you lost for?
Wow back up there friend, what are you talking about?
Context, what the heck are you talking about?
Seriously what the hell are you talking about??
Being jealous of another person is a perfectly fine response. Despite this, you never know what is going on behind the scenes, she may have taken out huge loans just to fund her trips.
I bet you would go on many vacations if you did the same as her. Instead, you are being a responsible person and doing what is best for your future.
You just had a baby?! I didn't even know you were expecting!
I'm so happy for you! Have you decided on a name yet?
Good for you! I have heard many great things about keto. How are you finding it?
Props to you for researching the diet without understanding how it works. Some people are just looking for ways to lose weight fast, but putting in effort goes a long way.
You must be over the moon happy.
Very funny. Have you decided on a name yet?
Happy belated Birthday! Did it turn out the way you had hoped?
What did you get instead?
Really? That is a good move
You have As because you have high interest in studying
Wow, that is truly incredible! What is your secret?
That is so true! You are a true weight loss warrior I think!
Do you like it now?
I like 2% as well.  It's perfect for cereal and chocolate milk!
Have you tried 1%?
That's great.  2% is much more healthful than whole milk.
So very bad ya
Ok
Oh no! :(   How are you taking it?
Dang.  Please don't blame yourself.
That's pretty long, how did you manage?
Yea, something calming helps during fraustrating moments, but at least you know how the route is now
Nice! Who's Robby? Is that your husband?
Aha! Was it actually your anniversary today? Happy Anniversary!
Oh, wow... um, that's crazy. Why did you do that?
I would imagine! I'd do the same thing if I was your dad, haha.
You sound like a caveman
Why you no hunt and send wife instead.
Oh I can relate to that especially if you are not prepared for it, it can get really scary
You guys will be alright trust me I  experienced same with my partner and now we are fine. Our kid is a teenager now. I am happy for you guys
Oh no! I'm not sure how all that works, but I thought that was fairly normal for a pregnat woman
Well I'm glad for you! And for him! A new life is exciting
That's so sad. You did your best. How old was she?
That's really good, though. It sounds like you gave her a great life.
Was he with you or just someone you wanted to be with?
In that case, you are better off without her.
Oh, wow, I wish my parents had done that! It would have saved me from the mountain of debt I have now
Well, I've always been of the mindset that (if they can) they should help the first 2 years as that's usually the break-in period. After that, the child should be able to manage
I bet that felt good to get out and experience that!
Oh I am sorry to hear that. I also enjoy dogs. They are one of life's great joys in my opinion.
You should take a vacation that will help you relax and see new stuff
Oh ok. In that case let someone very close like your mother come around to help you out. Having someone to talk to helps in times like this
That's awesome. Are you using any special types of lotion?
I'll have to do the same! I wish my skin looked better than it does.
You must be wealthy. I would love to visit NYC
OMG! I know how you feel
Oh, me too! I love digging out my N64 and SNES from time to time.
Yes, that Yamaha sound chip was magical. We call it the Genesis over here.
Oh goodness, what was it?
Wow, that must have been a terrible experience.
So very nice.your doughter.
Whove very nice ya and super talent.
What does what mean exactly?
Well whatever went wrong, I hope it can be fixed somehow.
Oh no! Did you take the kitten to an animal hospital or care for it yourself?
Awe, that's a sweet story! The kitten got a happy ending!
That's great! Who did the travelling?
She must be a strong woman.
Oh no. I hope you got somewhere safe while it was going on.
That's good at least. Living in an area with tornados is so scary!
Oh that is fantastic! I bet your brother was pretty happy too.
That is very sweet. I think they will have a happy and lasting marriage.
That's exciting! What kind are you looking for?
Ah. Hopefully something with good gas mileage!
OK ,have you done the need full?
OK get started already. A stich in time saves nine  !
Oh I think I can guess which retailer you're talking about. I've had so many problems with them over the years
I know. Canada isn't even overseas in the literal sense, it's just over the border!
Unbelievable. You must be very angry with her (whoever she is).
Neither would I, I dislike such greedy people
Wow that must have been frustrating.  I hope it didn't cost too much.
I know how that is.  At least you have your car back!
I'm sorry to hear that. It sounds very rough. What happened to it?
Oh jeez that's really awful. Can you get it back?
What didn't she like?
Well that makes sense.
Congrats you have a baby on the way
How many kids do you want in total?
Oh no. How did you handle having two such big priorities come up?
Oh, sorry to hear. I am sure your child was glad you were home. Is she or he feeling better now?
Sit where?
The club isn't a great place to find the right kind of girl anyways.
What happened!
This somehow seems inappropriate.
What is your plan to accomplish that?
Just don't over do, you have to enjoy being a parent, that's a key to happy kids.
Did you spill something?
Was it liquid ?
What was brutal?
Really? No shower for few days?
Ok. I understand
I would feel terrible to that's really bad, you should just tell her and change!
The truth can set us free, probably better for her and you both.
Sorry to hear that... they say time heals everything but I disagree its been 9 years for me and it still feels like yesterday. How long for you?
I'm really sorry for your loss! I hope that someday it gets better for the both of us.
Oh I love seeing kids achieve things! Adorable. Good for her! :)
I am sure, I would be too of my daughter. You sound like an awesome parent.
Oh.. well I understand. but that was a long time ago right?
Come clean to them about any major lies, you'll feel better :)
Haha.. I feel you. my mom feels the same way
Amen sister! women always keep things in check
That's really good of you. she is a lucky gal
Haha.. I guess she was not as good as your girl huh?
Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Are you considering getting a new dog?
I understand, mine just turned 15 and I'm not looking forward to that day.
Jeez people just always have to be in a hurry to get no where right.
People are just selfish and only consider their own lives!
What was that?
It's okay.
That is pretty cool! What made you want to become a lawyer?
Great! I know it can be a tough job, I am sure you will do fine, keep studying!
That sucks.
Well there are plenty more girls out there
Oh no. Did you leave?
Like you had a different kind of accident lol
That sounds like you are excited for sure! When is he coming and what are yall going to do?
Honestly that sounds pretty fun to me I haven't been to bingo in years. I love listening to the older people arguing when someone wins.
Yea I hear ya
Hope you feel better
It was fine. How about you?
Nothing special...
Too hot for anything
How did it turn out
Seems plausible
As you should
That's cool
Ohh good luck!
That's cool
Oh that's great, what are the animals?
Oh wow, I love hippos and I don't know what sloth look like will let google help me out :)
That is terrible.
Maybe? Is it that big of a deal to you?
Meaning you have been happier before or you are more happy now than you have been?
Oh wow, that's great! I would be very happy too!
Oh its hurts a little
Wow that's great
Me too! Have you ever been to one of them races?
Oh cool, do you live in the city?
That is awesome!  Is there a particular reason you are so happy?
That is something to be happy about!  Congratulations!
That is an exciting purchase! What kind did you get?
That is a nice car! I know you are enjoying that!
That was such a nice thing to do! She seems very caring!
That is so nice that she made note that you had been wanting it for so long!
That is SO exciting! I remember how that felt!
That will come! The hardest part is over now!
I remember how that felt! I always hated having to wait for grades.
Awesome! Strategic Management sounds difficult by itself, I hope you get the grade you need!
That sounds awful. Are you going to see them again?
It's probably best that you don't see them, then. Good thinking.
That must have been a difficult time for you.
The company you work for is horrible. They should have gave you that time off because it was a family emergency.
Ew, that is not good! I wouldn't have been able to stay and eat.
I do not blame you!
That is awesome, I feel the same when I drive by my grandparents old home
Yes I was
That is exciting! I love having pictures to look back on.
I love being able to reminisce on the past. Time goes by so fast.
I had Hurricane Matthew come through where I live too! NE FL, I know how you feel, only I couldn't get gas for my car because there was no gas anywhere!
Yeah you thought ahead, me not so much. Our house was fine but a HUGE mess to clean up in the yard and no power for 2 days. I hope your house was ok too!
Was it a checkup or did you have some health issue?
Did everything go well or do you not know yet?
Oh man, I bet that is fun
No, I have always wanted one though
Was it someone you know? Sorry for your loss if it was.
I'm sorry did you get to see her a lot before she passed?
Omg! That is terrible. They should really be considerate of people's time
Right. Did he at least apologize for the long wait
Wow! I would write a review, and choose another doctor who actually cares about his patient!
Good luck! What is it on?
How much studying did you do leading up to it?
Oh man, I bet that will be fun
I have, I love going when I can
That's really nice of him! How long have you been married?
Well you made the right choice in man to marry lol. What kind of necklace?
That either sounds like a locket, or a heart shaped key. Am I close at all?
Cool I think I saw a commercial for that actually.
Ut oh.. what happened?
Hehehe.. don't mind if I giggle do you?  You need to remember... don't feel embarrassed bout silly stuff like that.  Those people don't know you or really care.  They laugh like I did because its fun to see things happen to other people that we fear.
What are you going to do about it
Well be careful for sure
I am sorry to hear that. Have you ever talked to your parents about that?
Yes, you do.Otherwise, you are going to carry that pain the rest of your life.
That is great that your hard work has paid off.
Now you having something to celebrate. Congrats!
Don't worry, anyone would have felt the same way. If it makes you feel better remember that we were all babies once.
Yeah that's important, did you have music you could have listened to or something?
Loyalty is a good thing
Oh wow, that is loyalty for sure
I wish I had a grandma.. did she send you anything extra?
That is still really sweet.  I never knew any of mine.  Treasure her while you can!
Wow, must have been rather frightening. Glad you are ok!
I hope you have all the emergency essentials you need for next time.
Gardening can be peaceful
Nature is a wonderful thing
Oh how exciting!  What do you have planned?
I bet she is going to be so surprised!  Is she hard to surpise?
Well I'm sure everything will go great!
Yeah that's tough. But can you imagine how bad you might feel if he had a REALLY good time on the date and really thought things were going somewhere with the two of you?
That is true. Either way it seems like he definitely got the hint.
Oh wow, I have heard that can happen with that food
Ha, that is funny
Ewww! that is just super gross dude!
Oh man that is just crazy! Feel bad for the person who has to clean it.
I would love to have that tv
Keep it, the guilt will go away
Women these days. I don't think i'll ever understand them.
Exactly, sometimes I think women like drama.
It must have been fun to catch up with them.
Well I hope you guys continue to stay in touch.
Going to college is a good thing, but taking classes in the summer can really stink. At least you'll get to graduate sooner.
That is the craziest thing I have ever heard.
That's awesome. What are you going to do about it?
I'm envious. Do you have any idea of what those plans are?
Oh I know friends like those
I believe you
Oh wow, sounds dangerous. Were you able to stay home and not venture out in it?
Did you have any damage to your home?
That's really sad. Is there a cure for Lupus?
I am sorry about that. Is it contagious?
When did you get separated? By the way, that is terrible to hear.
Why are you so down, my depressed friend?
Uh oh!  What did it end up coming from?
Yuck!  Clean that up quick so it doesn't grow mold!
I hate to hear that, what happened that made it end poorly?
Maybe you can plan another trip together soon - sounds like you guys need some time to reconnect and just truly enjoy each other.
I know the feeling.
Leave a note on their door. and at the end put "thanks in advance" lol
Well, you can at least try.
You could get earplugs lol
Oh man! What happened to your hip?
Oh my god..I had doctors really mess me up too. I am in a lawsuit. Have you thought about contacting an attorney?
If it's medical malpractice actually you can get a good amount. Mine is still in talks, it's only been 6 months. Medical malpractice lawyers usually take you on for free if they like your case :) You can always try and you won't be charged if you don't win. It's pretty painless..people killed my child and almost me..
Thank you! I hear you..I didn't want to do it at first...but it's worth it for her..It's a few people I am suing.including midwives. If it prevents another childs death then its worth it! You should really look in too it, botched surgery and nerve pain can be horrible! I hope you get better!
Are you looking forward to the weather this weekend?
Nice! Mowing the lawn isn't fun in the heat unless you're using a super fast one of course
I agree, the writing part is easy part, but the speaking part is the worst!
Maybe so, they say to imagine the crowd naked, but I don't think that helps too much with the writing part.
Same. What are your favorites?
That's funny. I've also seen Trolls about 100 times. My daughter is now sick of it!
I've noticed a lot of the newer kids movies have adult jokes in them.
Yeah maybe that... they are also lazier.
Yeah I get that. Where did you work?
Oh yum. Not a terrible place to work!
Yes , work is better with friends.
Really? I'm surprised the only restaurant in town wasn't busy.
Did you see that happen today?
That's pretty cool.  What a nice person.
Whoa!  What were you driving that had no brakes?
That sounds quite scary!  Did everything turn out OK?
Haha!  Awkward.  What did you do?  Did you hurry up and get out of there?
Same here.  I would rather just leave the situation.
That's great.
Congrats. I want a promotion at my job.
Three years.
I think I'm just going to move on.
Oh wow! What are you going to buy with all that sweet loot? Firecrackers?
That sound like a wise decision. I think I would just get a blow up doll instead.
Cool. Does that get a bonus?
That's awesome.
Well now you know you're pretty great at your job.
Was he upset?
I hate when that happens.
I hate ggrocery shopping period. Too many decisions
You are so right.
Did you go back?
Maybe you should let him get a couple of things to make up for it.
Or you can get a variety pack!
That's nice. I could get that here.
Well now you know.
Noice!  What was it about?
Very cool, are you a scientist?
Oh no! That's awful.  Or maybe a good thing if he wasn't good for you.  How are you feeling?
I bet.  It can be brutal with the change and not having someone but you have to trust yourself that you are doing the right thing.  Its a good time to grieve your time together and then move on and find yourself again.
Congratulations!  That is amazing!  You must be a hard worker.  What do you do?
That's an important job though!  You're keeping things running smoothly for that business to thrive.  I'm so happy for you.  Money is tight for me so when I hear someone getting a bonus...it just makes me so happy for them to get that added chunk of money!
I wish I could relate. I'm a male, so I'll never know the pain and/or the reward that comes with growing a human being inside your body. It's such an impressive thing to go through, and no matter what, mothers will never get enough credit. You deserve serious props. What ages are they now?
Yeah, I'll consider it. That's a nice thought. My brothers have had 5 kids between them, so I have plenty of nieces and nephews to deal with in the meantime, and they've given me lots of practice, but I'm grateful for that. 15 and 19, that's awesome. You're almost all the way through getting both of them to a stage where your job becomes a little easier.
It what?  Its way higher?  If that's what you meant to finish with then I totally feel you.  Especially during the summer with the air conditioning running so much.
It is ridiculous.  I found out how they measure power that people use in their houses and it doesn't even sound fair to me.  It averages things because it can't specifically tell.
Wow, school is right around the corner
Well that should relieve some stress
Everyone has those kinds of days, it happens
I am sure they have forgotten about it
Why not? What was wrong?
Aww I'm sorry. That's a bummer.
It sounds very motivational.
He must be a great speaker.
What are you saving for?
I am sure everything will be fine. Do not stress.
I hope you did well on it.
Just hope for the best and don't worry.
That's great!  I'm happy for you.
What are those things?
That sounds so exciting! Congratulations!
It sounds like you live in a great community.
Oh man. Hopefully things are different now and you have the confidence that you need!
Nothing like taking it out on the weights and gaining the muscles in return!
I understand that. I am the same way.
I cannot function if I eat anything other than my usual breakfast.
Unfortunately, I have very little discipline. I'm probably too addicted to carbs to get fit very quickly.
How so?
Wow. When that happened?
Sorry to hear that. I hope your insurer will call you back soon.
It is unacceptable. I hope he did not get cold as a result of this
That is pretty sad and heart-breaking to see kids in such situations
Do you have plans to get together?
How nice of her. You must have been so happy to see her.
There are usually many ways, but it depends on what you want to do!
Well, we all want to work from home but it takes a lot of work and sweat to make that a reality for most of us
That is so exciting.  what have you done to prepare
The buggy is important,  I have a baby boy of my own.
Do you have a baby one the way?
Do you make enough money to support the baby?
Oof that is rough.
Those foids deserve it.
Yes, you only hurt yourself when you get angry.
Give it some time, maybe she'll change her mind.
That's so sweet of you
Oh yea I can imagine glad shes fine
Wow. Do you expect to win?
That is nice. Good luck.
Nice, me too, are you playing Nintendo games?
I remember these game well, like Contra and Battle Toads.
Was it your first time riding on one? Is there something in particular that makes you afraid?
Was it your only choice to get where you were going?
Great, what make are getting?
Toyota is reliable, are getting an SUV?
Interesting choice. Did she like it?
That's good to have something in common. Make the memories.
So what is the problem exactly?
Try doing something you never did before.
It is disgusting. What did you do?
You did good. You should have called the manager to tell him know.
There are so many bike trails available now. You are going to have a lot of fun.
I'm glad you were able to get one that you are going to enjoy so much.
That's a big step. I hope it works out for you.
I like renovation projects. And yes, renting is a waste of money
I feel you, I'm in the same boat.  Are you in a two income household?
Yep, money spent on bills and food, with little left for fun.  My wife has the same complaint.
Oh no, that sounds horrible
I am sorry, that is a sad thing to go through
Why would you not get paid?
I can imagine it is
Oh my, did it make you emotional?
Aw hopefully you never lose that picture!
Oh what was the surprise?!
You should go on a little date if you can. or to the movies!
You should have taken a Uber. You never know what will happen these days.
No problem. Its also worth carrying a taser or pepper spray.
Did you pay him back?
That's good thetn
Oh my, so close! But you can try better next time.
Yes and theres no point mulling over it!
Wow that's crazy.. what ended up happening!
Wow that's good
Aww.. that must have been a sweet nostaligia. did you had a collection of those?
I feel happy for ya! I used to collect cards myself, I still have them
That is great! Did you manage to land the job?
I'm glad to hear that! As long as you keep working hard and trying your best you can do it!
Are you talking about the city or a person?
I didn't know this broadway show but it seems nice.
Yeah, I love going to the beach as well! You must have felt so happy there in that moment!
I feel happy and content just sitting here listening to you describe the experience.
Oooh no that's awful
Ok but did you pass the test
That sound amazing.  Dancing is very bonding.
Well, a night out dancing will go a long way towards reconnecting with the love of your life.  I am happy for you!
I'm sorry to hear that.. what happened?
Oh.. wow.. sorry that it happened.
Oh sorry, did he pass away?
Oh my god.. my hearty condolences.
That is really cool . Did you have a good time?
It feels so good just to hear you say that
Oh wow, the broadway show?
Oh yea, he is too good at what he does. I heart stunning review for the show as well
How did it turn out
Oh congrats on that.. always nice to see family
Did he catch you?
Wow that's good
That's good
As you should
I feel you, it would be really scary. How did it turn out?
So happy for you!
Damn! was it a stray dog?
Dear god.. I hope you are alright my friend!
Oh really? I believe you wanted to be a singer yourself huh?
Well, it is never too late my friend.. pursue your dreams :)
Did they follow your instructions, or did they do their own thing?
Wow!  I didn't expect that answer from you!  That must have been a great surprise!
Oh god.. that's so gross
I would have thrown up right then and there
I was beet red when I realized what had happened.
Thank you, your so kind
Is she staying with you ?
Sounds like everything went better than expected.
Oh dear me.. So sorry to hear that! what did you do?
I really hope things work out for you my friend
Disgusting. Was it the flying variety?
Gross.  We have those here too.  Typically you only see them during the summer.
Good for you! that is how it is supposed to be
I wish you the very best on that my friend
I feel like is should be prepared
Oh sorry to hear that.. why didn't it work out?
Aw.. I feel you my friend. Hopefully things get better soon enough
What did you lie about, and why?
Best advice.  Never confess it.
Damn! Every kid tells such innocent lies.. I bet your were embarassed
Aww.. Your story is both cute, funny and innocent
Did you give her one of each?
Aweeee that is pretty cute.
Shoot.. I bet it was scary.. How did you handle it?
So glad to hear that buddy. Wishing you are your girl all the very best
Have you been applying to try to get a position?
That's unfortunate.  What are you doing now?
Thankfully they just were checking up on my speed
Sorry, something wrong with the chat interface
Sorry to hear that!
Oh no.. Did he pass away?
Hope you feel better
Uhm.. yeah, sure. I concur!
Oh yeah, me too. They have such cool attitude
Holy cow! That's terrifying. What did you do?
Hahaha.. I am sorry, I know it was really scary, but to think about it now, it is really funny as well
Nice.. what type of ticket.. Monopoly?  Price is Right?  Scrabble?  Bingo?
Better luck next time!  I love to scratch!
That sounds gross, did you get sick from it?
Smart move, at least you noticed it and it wasn't hidden under icing or anything
Oh god.. sorry.. How are you holding up?
Sorry buddy.. hopefully she is at a better place
Losing a loved one is never easy , especially a brother I'm sorry for your loss
I can't imagine the pain you went through, I have 7 brothers and the taught of losing one of them scares me
I hear ya. Both sides are infected with this issue.
Well, they are looking for more viewers. It is not news anymore, it is entertainment.
That is nice. They are good at that age. I have a 20-year-old, and he is currently ignoring me.
I understand that. I tried to give him a new table for his apartment, and he blatantly ignored me. I was like, well I don't have to give it to you.
That blows dude , I bet it was not your fault
So they just cleaned house ? Damn that bad , I would assume they would have kept some workers
I thought walmart was pretty cheap.  I've never been to aldi's
I may need to see if I have one near by.
I know right? everyone is, with Lebron James coming in
So true. Lakers going to do well this time around.
Oh god.. so sorry to hear that. May I ask how did it happen?
Sorry.. Hopefully he is at a better place now.
Aww, such a nice boyfriend in this day and age! She is so lucky.
I assure you she is a keeper. Marry her buddy!
Good, I hope you make the ends meet
I wish you the best of luck, you will be fine!
Who is hamilton?
Oh okay, did you see it in NYC?
That is good to hear.  I am sorry to hear she was hurt. What happened?
Ouch.  What kind of dog?
I'm not a very good dancer.  What kind of dancing did you do?
Oh wow, that does sound fun
Well, if you are willing to try steroids, then you might have a chance of winning. Without it, it is impossible to even participate
Well in those contests, you have to be really pumped and by just fruits and vegetables, it is very unlikely
For work, when I got a new job
I'm so sorry.  You have my deepest condolences. Its hard to not feel isolation with the death of someone you are close to.  I can tell you it does get better and you are not alone.  He lives on in you.
Take joy and pride in the memories you have of him.  They are your personal family movies in your mind.  Cherish them because not everyone gets them with their parents.  Its good to find support and counseling too if you need it. Take care of yourself.
Yeah, I know that feeling. how did you handle it?
Good for you buddy :) happy for ya
Big houses are a pain in the neck to keep clean.
It does have its benefits.
Damn, that's sick and rough.. He knew you guys were together?
Can't say he did not deserve that..
That's wonderful!  I do too.  I don't take it for granted because I've been battling Lupus for 13 years and in bed a lot.  Its an amazing world we have! What is on of your favorite things to do outside?
Sounds wonderful!  I really want to take up gardening.  It would go with my new lifestyle I've adopted of eating plant based.  Do you have tips for a beginner?
The rap version?   Doesn't sound all that appealing to me.  Was it that good?
Maybe i'll have to check it out
How did that go
Oh that's awesome.. congrats
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement
For faith there is no path it is an individual human's thought
I am not, I am still young
I hope so, I am still not sure if I want kids
I have anxiety attacks too,  you feel like you can't catch your breath and you are light headed.
That is crazy,  Its only usually a few minutes for me before I can talk myself down.
Don't worry. It will be okay. Flights are always safe
Its natural. Do not sweat it.
That will be *such* a wonderful feeling when you do. I know it's hard when you see someone reach the "finish line" first -- are you able to turn that envy into inspiration?
See? That's terrific! And she's got to love that you can celebrate her victories too -- even more inspiration to support yours!
I'm like that too, so I can totally relate. Were you able to talk to him about how you felt?
I've felt the same way. As I have aged and become more comfortable and secure in my marriage and in myself, those other insecurities and fears dropped off. Good for you for conquering that challenge!
Oh, that must be exciting! I bet you were busy making preparations.
That sounds like it was a lot to take in! Congrats to them!
Wow.. what do you plan to do ?
Yea I can understand that
Oh really? How did it go?
Great job! I'm so happy for you! Losing weight is hard!
That sounds exciting! Congratulations to her. I bet there was a lot of celebration to be had for such an achievement!
I bet! But at least now, like you said, she can see what hard work can achieve. Hopefully the path continues in the best way possible and she can get everything you both hope(d) for!
Did that person betrayed you in any way?
Don't be so hard on yourself for being a frien and trust another people.
I love reuniting with old friends, helps me remember and appreciate the good times.
I bet that was a long time ago!
I'm sure you studied hard and should be proud of that! I'm positive you nailed it.
Being competitive isn't a bad thing unless you let it get in the way of your personal life.
How did you meet your friend?!
College and high school friends are always close to the heart. I'm glad she lives fairly close!
That is unfortunate. I hope that it is able to be treated well.
I hope it goes as smooth as possible. Hang in there.
Wait, were they leaving to go somewhere or like dying? Either one is a little sad to be honest.
It's like losing a family member :(
What happened to him? Are you guys roommates?
That is very bad. Unemployed individual can be very frustrating to deal with
How did they lose so much weight compared to you?
Maybe it has something to do with your diet ?
Getting out of town and way from all of everday life's struggles always sounds like a great time.  Did you leave you cell phone at home while you weer away to 'really' get away from everything for a minute?
That sounds like a really relaxing time, I'm jealous.
No refunds for a cancel 1 week before? That sounds like a total scam! I would be furious. Did you ever find a way to get your money back? Because that does not sound legal!
I hope that you win your money back and then some, you really deserve it after all of that upset!
Lovely.  What did you do together?
Sounds like a great time.  What has brought that memory back up again>
That must feel lonely.  You should go out and try to meet some people!
Good deal!  Hopefully then you won't feel so alone!
That is frightening! especially if you didn't know whether it was a harmful spider or not! What did you do?
Oh, so you were able to get that spider away from you! Good job, hopefully that won't have to happen to you again!
Wait, summers already over? Next summer?
Oh really? I thought summer ended after July. You learn something new everyday lol
You should get a mini fridge and put it in your room, with a lock on it.
Yea man go for it, don't procrastinate.
Wow, that truly is devastating. I wish your family can make it through these hard times :(
If my sister died to breast cancer, I would be so depressed to the point of my health deteriorating too. :(
Amen to that.Life is so unfair it's not even funny.
Life is so complex.We had no idea of the design of that
What is the state and do you like change?
Oh that is all the way into the cold and wet wild! Do you have or will you think of getting sled dogs?
Lol, right. You will have great fun!
I agree!  Things look really good going forward.
I hope so as well, especially for my kids sake!
I'm sorry to hear that , I hope she can find a way stop this before she spirals out of control
She really does need an intervention , and family and friends would help greatly , I hope she can get her life back together
Oh my god, that's excellent! Congrats!
Oh, lol. Did you get to see any sharks at the aquarium?
Oh cool, yes that is very interesting. So how big were those whales in feet and the baby too?
I know how you feel! What did you watch?
It is a pretty good horror.
That is very impressive. She going to make sooo much money
Any employer would hire someone who went to Harvard in a heartbeat. You are a lucky parent!
Nice what kind of car is it they purchased?
Ok that is a nice car what color is it??
That is excellent, what did you major in?
Oh cool. Do you want to work as a scientist?
Sorry to hear about that.  I wonder if there's any way to fix this situation.  What do you plan to do?
Coming clean is a great way to start.  It's hard since you know she'll be hurt.  Were you having trouble in the relationship before?
When is the last time you seen them?
That's awesome I hope yall have a good time!
Do you still talk with any of your older friends?
Do you have little time from working or other things?
Yikes what was it about?
Creepy.  Were you able to fall asleep after watching it?
That's great. I bet it is a very special place for you two.
Sounds like a nice little place. I am glad you two have that spot to share.
At least Riley passed in their sleep. Hopefully they didn't suffer. i'm sorry you lost a loved one.
I have a big doofy mutt who is a 75 lb lap dog in his heart. I know the feeling
I absolutely agree. I really hope he doesn't win in 2020.
He's like an angry child trying to make everything about himself!
Dang, that sucks. MAybe they can visit you instead?
Ah, gotcha. Well I hope you heal fast!
I guess you don't live in Alabama? Was it overall a good trip....or challenging? Or both!
Well, if the drive was the most challenging it sounds like a good trip! Too often it's family dynamics that are *more* challenging -- and not so easily taken care of. ;-)
That is the worst!! I know that you must have been very frustrated with your teammate.
There have been a number of times where this has happened to me too. I hope that doesn't happen to you too much in the future!! :)
I hate bees and wasps so much. Maybe you should call pest control?
That sucks, I hope you get it figured out!
Wow, it must have been quite an experience
My prayers are with you buddy. Stay safe
Awesome. What breed did you own?
I love paints, and growing up we had 2 quarter horses that my dad used for calf roping.
10 minutes is a good time to be able to change a tire. I do not think I could change a tire own my own.
Practice makes perfect, or makes you fast in your case.
I would be too! Did you to it?
So did you regret doing it? Or were you super proud that you did?
You must be so proud!
I don't think you're being selfish, you're doing your best!
What state are you going to move to?
Oh that is nice, will you be going skiing?
Who doesn't..  everyone should do it!  Have you ever had any mystic experiences while you did it?
I hear you can travel to different dimensions while meditating..
It must have being terrifying!
Tnank god! They should have let you know they where going to do the job.
That's terrible. People need to learn to commit to their promises.
I don't understand how so many people value emotion over logic and reason!
Oh, that is nerve wracking. What did you try to do to cope?
Better living through chemistry! I'm glad you made it through.
That is really nice of him.  Did the other people get mad because they had to wait?
Lucky you.  Where I live people are not so nice.  Can I move there?
I am in Central FL... so uhh.
Ouch, I would try and wear something on your neck next time you go in there.
Hmm, wear something thick and long. Maybe hockey pads!
Ut oh.. what happened?
But at least you lucked out and they brought it back!
Ah, I know what you mean! And remember *yearning* to be older?! (And of course the adults in *our* lives were shaking their heads, thinking the way we are now ;-))
As long as you keep your playful spirit, you're in good shape! Sometimes it takes work to hold that awareness, but I can see it in you!
It's awesome to have a job where you feel rewarded through what you do. What do you do?
That sounds like a lot of fun, it's so rewarding to have a position where you can engage with other people. You really seem motivating and inspiring, so I'm happy you have that job!
What did you do after waiting for 2 hours?
Silver linings do happen, maybe is was a good thing your friend forgot about you.
Maybe not a true friend after all.
I bet. How much did she win and did she offer to share?!
That's a lot of money, to me anyway. Perhaps she's got a lot of debt to pay off, or perhaps she has kids to take care of?
Good job! You must have worked hard and prepared. Or are you just naturally really smart?
Well done! You should be proud.
If I'm understanding you correctly, they're going to clean it up, right?
Wow, that's fantastic news indeed! How long has it been derelict?
What did they or the person do to you?
Broom would be a good choice, hit them in the crotch, that will stop them.
That's sweet. I'm sure she will adjust in time. Have you ever personally had to make a move like your daughter did?
No, I never have. I've always lived in my state I was born in. However, I did travel to Utah which was about 1200 miles away and got a bit homesick so I can relate.
Oh no! I hate speaking in front of crowds. What happened?
I know you probably feel like you did a bad job- but I bet you did so much better than you think! Be proud of yourself for having the nerve to speak in front of others!
Honking is a way to communicate. In some countries they honk just to let another driver they are there.
Going too slow can be just as dangerous as going too fast. Especially in the fast lane!
That awesome! Congratulations! You should be very proud of yourself!
Yes, I have! It's a great feeling when all of your hard work pays off! Best of luck to you!
There is a big storm coming where I am living now. Did your power go out?
Oh I will. Also wanted to let you know that if your power does go out to be aware that this is when they come out to play!
I know!  I was just watching his show on Netflix!  So sad, especially since he had a little girl he is leaving behind.
I agree.  He had so much to live for.  I guess it is hard to know what demons people are hiding inside.
That is good. Did you have a good time with your supervisor?
Good job! Maybe you will get a promotion too!
Which way are you feeling? Are you a thrill seeker?
Yeah I really like Six Flags. They have some great roller coasters. Have fun tomorrow!
Keep it up. Soon you'll have enough money to buy a new house.
Exactly, it feels great when your prepared for the unexpected.
That's fun. Will anybody be dressing as Santa?
Maybe you could pay someone to come into your house as Santa! And all the kiddies will be amazed!
That happened to me one. I had an american bulldog that had seperation anxiety and tore up my sofa cushions once. it was like a fluffy murder scene when I got home.
Oh no. right now you are going crazy but it will be funny like you said in the future.
What types of tv shows do you like to watch?
Do you keep the tissue close whenever your are on the tv?
I've been to Busch Gardens before.  They have some really cool Roller coasters.  I hope you have a great time.
I've been to the one in Tampa.  They have this new coaster that rotates forward and backward and spins around. It was equal parts fun and scary.
Yea, I agree. Or they just really don't care.
Did he even hesitate?
What a little monster!
Dogs are the best. are they ok?  what kind of medicine do you have to give them?
Awww golden retrievers are adorable.  My ex had one of them.  Well I hope your dogs feel better soon.  Ear infections are no fun at all.
That's intense! I hope the damage wasn't all that bad.
Yes, get it fixed as soon as possible. Does insurance cover it?
Wow, you remember your friends from grade school? Maybe if I saw them again those memories would come back.
Well, I hope you had a really great time. It sounds like you probably did!
That sounds like fun, do you have a big family?
Yes I understand, I have a big family so it's hard for us to all get together at the same time.
I've never been to one of those.  Is she really young or is she like a professional dancer?
That's awesome.  I wish I would have taken dancing lessons when I was younger.   I'm a horrible dancer
Yea you're right.  Maybe ill look into some classes and give it a shot
Aw, that's so nice of him! Does he live far away?
That's a great son. It's always nice to be able to rely on people close to you to help out when needed
Yeah I have had that experience. One was so bad I left before getting another job. Don't recommend doing that, lol.
Stick it out until you have a backup. Your bank account will thank you!
Gross. It would have gone straight into the trash here.
You can use baking soda to get the smell out of it.
That sounds wonderful! What type of store is it?
I love that! It must be so much fun to curate the types of things that go in to the store. Do you help out or work there?
I'm sure she *loves* having both your presence and your support!
Wow, I can't imagine how you felt living in Hong Kong. That would take some serious adapting.
I am so happy that you found that expat community. I have often thought about moving abroad, and I'm glad that you adapted well.
I think I might. It sound exciting, and I thank you for the encouragement.
That's unfortunate, but I'm happy that you have a good support network to help you out.
I hope you recover well and I'm sure you will with good support by your side.
I completely understand that. Did something like that happen recently?
Yes, I know how you feel. All we can do is encourage friends to join us in helping to make a difference. I believe there is hope!
Wow, that's a good amount of time. Is he usually so secretive?
Ah, maybe he just wanted to make sure it was going to work before he told anyone.
It should be harder to get a license than it is.
It's as if some people think they are the only one's on the road.
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. May I ask how long ago it was that she passed?
They probably still just need some time. My grandfather still isn't over the passing of my grandmother and that was over a year ago. I would just make sure to keep seeing and talking to your parents to make them feel as loved as you can.
Please don't ever give up. I would definitely work harder to find a job by networking with friends that have jobs in different places.
Go ahead and post your resume on as many job related forums that you can. I think it's great that you're trying to find other ways of making money too. You are a go-getter, and don't ever give up!!
That is awesome. Do you know what she wants to study?
As long as it is something she enjoys. I am sure you are very proud of her!
It has been really busy even for me at work , I feel your pain
I know right ? unfortunately for us those are the perks of growing up lol
Oh I don't think I could do that. I have a fear of falling from high places.
I think I would pass out from fear lol.
I think the chances I take should be directly proportionate to the consequences of the actions.
That is interesting. Do you miss meat or dairy at all?
That is good to hear. I wish you the best of luck with your new diet.
I have to trust my doc completely that he has steady hands and will inject the nerve correctly.
That's terrible to hear. Were you eventually able to be there?
That's great news. I don't know what I would do if my mom passed.
Me too. I'm glad everytihng worked out in the end for you.
Not very often. She lives about 7 hours away driving time.
Those cars are pretty slick, what color was it?
Wow, one day I hope to have enough money for a car like that, that's awesome
UGH my dog has destroyed all of my favorite shoes.
I don't really like dogs for that reason.  They are fun to pet but taking care of them is a chore.
That sounds like you have a great wife.  What did she make you?
Yummy, You are making me hungry.  Happy belated birthday!
I always love pizza!
When that happened to me I watched a lot of movies , for some reason the sad movies made me cry, but just be strong and patient one day you realize you can do better or find someone new
It happens to the best of us, and I totally understand where your coming from , spend some time with your friends or loved ones
What did he cook that is such an exciting way to spend your day with your papa.
That sounds so delicious I would have loved a plate of that food any deserts
Congratulations! Sounds like you're ready for the new position.
What is your work area?
That is so exciting! Such a fun time in life to watch them discover new things and always be such a surprise with what you didn't know that they already knew! ha ha, that's a tongue twister.
I do!  An 8 year old daughter and 5 year old son.  They are my life as well so I totally get what you're saying.  How old is your daughter?
Where are you going
Oh wow, I hope you have fun
Happy Birthday!!!!  Did you have a nice time?
I love sushi.  Did you get a spicy Tuna Roll?
Sounds good.  You have some generous parents.
Very nice, wind in your hair, exercise, and fresh air.  Did you have a good time?
I am actually home bound, but I love to live through other peoples experiences.  My wife and kids go out and bring back stories of their adventures.  I love it!
I know how you feel.  I moved away from my family and friends this summer.  Do you have family nearby at all? I often feel lonely when I'm watching a movie by myself but then I remind myself that I'm loved by a lot of people.
You are so strong!  Please thank your husband for his service and thank you for being his support, no matter the miles between you.  Take care of yourself and get out with friends when you can!
You sound like you're embracing life!
Where did you move to?  I feel you. I am in the same place.  Just reversed 13 years of Lupus suffering by going plant based and now I want to live and see the world! I would love to move to Italy.
Oh wow, I'd be really jealous of him.
Well, hopefully you can get yourself a better car soon.
That is nice.
I have one younger brother but he is old enough to drive on his own,
Its always nice to catch up
I hope you keep doing thaty
Same here. I actually moved to the other side of the USA, and I do miss my home
Not as often as I would like. Air travel is expensive after all. I know exactly what you mean though!
Were you happy about that, or creeped out?
You're a good guy. Did she take it well?
That's really awesome that you supported your friend!
I'm sure he really appreciated you support too!
Aw, I'm sorry. I know this isn't the best solution, but have you considered listening to funny podcasts?
No problem! I know you can't always fix everything, but it's worth trying wierd ideas every now and then
Oh wow, I love that kind of sauce
That isn't long at all
It is always good to keep our skills up to date. We never know. It could also help for a promotion also.
I hope you get your promotion.
Oh man, your life is about to get so much more hectic. I feel for you. When my first was born, I was just as pumped, full of naivety and positivity. I felt like I could take on anything coming my way. I was exhausted after two weeks. It's such a long ride until they're able to even remotely look after themselves.
I know you have a lot of work ahead of you, but I'm sure it will be a rewarding feeling that will be unmatched for the rest of your life. As a man, I can't imagine what you'll have to go through, or what you will enjoy, but I really commend all women everywhere for the strength they give when having a child.
Did it scare you?
Yes, a little bit. When I was young, I didn't like that much scary movies.
Whats your favorite team?
Well for me, in the NFL I like the Cowboys and college its Alabama too.
That's pretty cool. I bet it's pretty difficult to do something like that.
I'd love to watch people do tricks like this in person myself, but I'm not sure if there's any locations near me.
Aw I am sorry that happened to you. I hope the repair didn't cost you too much!
Ah I see. Something similar happened to my brother too recently while he was picking me up, so we were stuck at a coffee shop parking lot for several hours.
Well at least you put in the effort. What grade did you end up receiving on this test?
That's great! Hard work pays off I guess.
Oh I'm sorry.  How are his family doing?
It's pretty hard to deal with.  One of my friend's buddies died in a car crash as well.
Woah, that is huge news. How are you handling the news.
I am happy to hear that you will be ok. Enjoy having no kids while you can!
That does not sound fun. What did you do to prepare.
That is very smart thinking!
How old were you? If you were a kid, that deserves a pass!
You live and you learn, at least it was a petty crime and nothing serious!
That's sweet of you, the flu is a pretty gnarly sickness to go through. You sound like a good friend!
That's good, at least he is getting better, he'll survive!
There's nothing wrong with that
You should celebrate too. I would
That is always disappointing. Did you have a good time with your friends anyway?
Sounds like you guys know how to have fun no matter what. You have good friends.
I too feel the same. What did happen at last?
Yeah, very good to hear! congrats!
Eww, I hate neighbors that have no class.
Maybe you should start a petition in the neighborhood to kick her out.
How awful! Please tell me you can laugh a little about it now?
Embarrassing things happen to all of us!
Amazing! I wish I could see a pic of it!
Oh he will be, but enjoy it, only babies once
That's a pretty long date! Where did you guys go?
That sounds like a fun day! My wife and I used to go to movies a lot!
That's terrible.  Was he already very sick?
I'm sorry he went through that.
Those were the days right. I loved those paychecks no bills.... can we go back to that?
Yeah and I bet it was like a whole 100 or 200 bucks and we were probably feeling like a ceo.
How does that make you feel? Is that a dealbreaker
Ah, I guess you have to save money somewhere
Oh no I am sorry to hear about that, were you together long?
That's good make yourself available and open for others and you will find the next relationship
That is embarassing, but a good story at least!
That is for sure, you can always count on parents for that
IT does go fast. I was just changing my daughters diaper and now she is in junior high!
I miss being called mommy. One day you'll be called grandma
That is embarassing, but were you at least okay?
Well maybe they found that endearing in a way!
How old were you when you did it?
That was nice to repay them back with dinner
I'm sorry to hear that. I know exactly what you are going through. My brother tragically passed away 2.5 years ago. He was only 32
I know how hard it was for you. My parents and my brother lived in a different country so I couldn't even go there at that time to be with them. I felt heartbroken and alone
To thank whom?
Is that who got you the job?
What job do you have?
Are you in a union?
Did you find it ?
Well that's good
How old did you turn ?
Congrats
When will you be able to visit?
Oh boy, that must be amazing for him
What did you end up watching instead
That's cool
Oh yeah, that's always nice. Sometimes they just don't get it, though.
Wow, you sound pretty confident! You must really know what you're talking about.
I am afraid to fly too.
I know right, planes make me nervous.
Uh oh. I bet she wasn't happy when she found out.
Yeah, I can understand that.... But it probably would have been best to invite her anyway, just in case.
That is awesome. sundays are usually my veg out days.
Mine is going crazy with mosquitos
I tried to trim my tomato leaves yesterday but I got bit up so bad I ran back inside
What does your husband do for work?
My uncle use to be an iron worker, so I know exactly what you are talking about.
That is VERY understandable. Emotional affair is still a betrayal.
Well it's nice he is kind but yes that is a little strange. Women can usually take that as something and try to get with your man.
What is her best talent?
Does she draw or paint? How any students are in this program?
That is terrible.  I don't know why teenage boys can be so mean.  What did you end up doing?
That's good that she has a big brother that can defend her against the bigger kids.  It is just terrible that a teenage boy would act that way to a 10 year old.  No excuse for that.  I hope you don't have to deal with it again, though.
I'm sorry, what is his job?
Hopefully they will give him a better shift.
Hey that's awesome!!!  What are you planning to buy with it?
That's an awesome, very adult thing to do!  Congrats!
I don't like them either. It makes me sick.
Oh my gosh! That is disgusting!
What does your husband do for a job?
You already told me that. Is he in sales or something similar?
That is no good! you need someone to be there and take care of you.
I have never been married, so I can't imagine,  but I would want to be with my spouse every moment of every day.
It is so hard and so rewarding to see them grow up.
I bet.  I really want to hold on to mine forever, but I know that they need to grow up.  I hope you are still able to make memories with yours even as they are getting older.
That is pretty scary. Did you find out where it came from?
Smart move. You don't want to get involved in a gunfight. Glad you made it out safely.
So sorry to hear that.. May I ask how did it happen?
How sad.. Feel better knowing that he is in a better place now buddy
Wow. Congratulations! Is your new job near home?
Oh, that's awful. What did you do? I would've dumped her and beat that dude's face in.
Well, I gave you the solution right there, buckaroo. All ya gotta do is execute.
Oh nice. did you have a good time?
Aww, that is really sweet to hear
I don't have a normal job anymore but that would frustrate me as well.
What a disgusting person. I'm just being honest.
Oh the broadway musical? I heard really good reviews of it
Oh yeah, he is such a true genius of our times, he deserves it
Oh.. Were you sick?
Don't feel bad about it buddy, this happens to all of us sometime. Feel better
Oh dang. How do you think that is going to go down?
I'm sure everything will be fine. Just gotta be yourself!
Oh no.. That should have sucked for you. what did you do?
As you should. It will pass away, don't worry
I'm so sorry but what a joyous occasion.
So happy for you. Is this your first grandchild?
That sounds like a great place to propose! How did it go?
That's so heartwarming! I hope your relationship works out very well!
That is nice to have a friendly boss.
I envy you. That is cool.
Really?
Yes I did that too
This happened to me also.
Did you try to exercise?
That is so exciting!! buying a house can be such a great experience.
Oh so it is brand new.  I bet you can't wait to move in.
Really?
So sorry about that
I know how you feel. I'm working right now :(
Can you blame her?   I mean, if I didn't have bills that's what I'd be doing.
Isn't that the best!  My 3 year old the same thing!  I couldn't be happier or more proud!
She may be a natural artist!
I see.. did they complete them?
Well, we were kids once too.. We can understand their point of view as well. Glad you got to spend quality time with them though
That's really cool! I hope you get one very soon buddy
Yeah, I can understand how that can be frustrating. Don't worry, things will fall in its place soon enough
Awh memories, what were they of?
So cute, I love those memories I bet it was beautiful.
Why did he leave you?
That's awful and there has to be another reason for it. I can't stand fathers who behave that way, despicable.
Congratulations on getting an interview.  Good job in prepping for it, I'm sure you'll do well.
What kind of job is it?
Oh! Was the ice cream cake for you?
Awww that is kind of disappointing. Ice cream cake sounds tastier than pineapple cake.
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that.. how long were you married?
It must have felt unbelievably hurtful for you.. I hope you find someone very soon..
I can understand that. I don't get nearly as many birthday wishes as I used to. I guess it happens as we get older.
I agree. I think they think we don't care about our birthday so they don't care either. But they are wrong.
Oh! I am so happy for you. Congratulations. What was the job?
That sounds very interesting. I'm sure you will do great.
What happened??
Holy moly! That would have scared me too! Did you kill it?
That is understandable.  Such an experience can be tramatic.  Did you eventually learn?
My wife had a similar experience, she still doesn't drive.  Good for you for overcoming it.
That sounds miserable!  Did you do it yourself?
At least you saved money doing it yourself!
Oh wow! that stinks.  I'm sorry
I bet it was. At least its over now
I bet.  I was the same way.  How did you guys meet?
Nice.  That's a relatively unique way to meet.  What store?
I would be furious.  What did you do?
What was the outcome?  Did the professor believe you?
That's awesome!  What kind of house is it?
That's gonna be a lot of fun, but a lot of work.  Good luck!
That is exciting! what kind of car?
Wow, that is impressive. i've always liked mustangs. what color?
I've had pets to do that too.
Well, I guess it really loves you.
I bet!  I'm sorry you are feeling down.
Times like that would be so awesome! I hope they come back for you
A spelling bee - what fun! I'm sure you will win - I bet you've worked hard toward your goal.
That's a lot of studying. Well, the best of luck to you, though I know you won't need it after all that hard work!
How is it going?
That's one way to get them. being a "big girl" is such an accomplishment
Do you guys get to talk a lot?
Getting through it can only make your relationshipi stronger though
I'm sorry to hear that.
Was he sick before?
You must be really excited!
Are you planning something special when she comes home?
I am sorry to hear that, they frighten me as well.
Yes, those scare me to death when they come out of nowhere.
Great, where will you be going?
Well, that will be fantastic. Hope you have a good time.
Cool beans. Where was she?
Did you get to visit? Germany is quite beautiful.
Where is it gonna be at?
Is someone important coming voer?
Which one was it
It wasn't that scary to me
Aww. That's nnice
No one writes letters anymore... its kind of sad
That would definitely creep me out.
I have done that before lol
I bet she's a wonderful woman
Hold on to her
Oh no is it completely destroyed not salvagable ?
So sorry to hear about this disaster
Congratulations!  Don't be too nervous!  You must have done something right to get the job in the first place!
That is natural.  I'm sure you will do great!
Did everything go okay?
Well that's good.
Wow, I bet you miss her so much. My wife is going overseas with our son and they will be gone for 1 month! I know I will be miserable without them
I will play PubG after work to keep me busy lol
Well it will be over soon
I bet you are. I definitely woudl be
What has you so nervous?
Have you considered taking a weekend trip there to see how you like it?
Did it leave you to do it alone, or were there others ?
I see how that would be frustrating.
I've heard about this movie but i've never had a chance to watch it
Aliens? I didn't think it was about aliens, I thought it's about ghosts and stuff
Well I wouldn't know lol
I don't have any sharing friends either lol. You're lucky
What kind of food?
Oh, disgusting.
Did you start training him when he was young?
That's awesome. I love a well trained dog.
I know lots of bad dog parents. I've got a well trained dog too so, I understand.
Oh that's good for your friend, but it sounds like you really would like to live there! I can imagine feeling jealous
You will get there! I would just be happy and supportive of your friend and visit often!
Oh no, did you find a backup caterer
Of course, the wedding can be the most stressful event of your life
I like to call them deadbeats
What do you collect for ? credit cards or utilities ?
Oh I just did that recently. I just got back from 2 months. It will be a fantastic time.
I went to Thailand and Vietnam. Don't worry about anything. Traveling was so easy and people are nice everywhere.
What happened?
Oh wow, I would of been terrified!
Was it a large amount?
That's rough. I'm sorry that must put you in a real bind.
Congradulations on being prepared.
It reallyi s the best way to do things. That way even if you forget something you've got time to remember and remedy the situation
Haha, sometimes wifes are nice to have around.
That sounds lovely. Did yall make it a special day to remember?
That sounds fantastic.  I'm sure you guys will remember that day for a while. What a nice surprise.
Why you should feel bad.. I am not getting you my friend
Oh.. you must be sweet then.. your wife is lucky
What movie was it ?
The worst a movie has gotten me was Event Horizon.
Wow lol I didn't know you can track ovulation. Good luck with getting pregannt
Please don't lol i'm a man, I appreciate what you women go through when you're pregnant or on your period but i'm okay with not knowing details
Its the worse having to wait for something you really want.
Oh nice. Make a nice lunch to keep yourself busy. The delivery will be there in no time if you keep yourself busy.
Yes I agree. I did have a good relationship with my m other in law but recently it changed.
Mine has been around 7 years and it's been a little rocky.
Oh no. Is he responsible with school or a job?
I understand, he will learn though once he gets a job and has to pay bills that he will want to go to sleep at a decent time!
Did you have a bunch of people show up there at the party?
That's a great job! Well done!
Yeah, she seems like a great woman, you're lucky to have her.
You should take her on a vacation, or something. She deserves it.
At least you can handle those. I can't do any of those
Well, they would probably be the same if they were in your shoes
Understandable.  What was the reason?
Did you explain it to them.  That's a pretty good reason to miss it.
Sure, that makes sense.
How's your relationship now ?
Oh cool! What movie are you going to see?
Oh awesome! It's a new one?
That's extremely sweet of you! you're a nice person. my wife and I made some blessing bags and we give them everytime we see homeless people
Basically it's a bag with necessities. we put some water, some non perishable foods, snacks, some wipes and a little bit of money
What a great idea, where did that come from?
Well I need to keep that in mind, great suggestion
Oh wow, what a long trip. How long did it take?
That is a long time to be in the car for sure.
Oh well that's a plu!
So where did you stop along the way?
Well at least you have a plan. Are you planning to start the renovation soon?
Awesome. I'm sure it's going to turn out great.
I can understand that. Did it end up going ok?
That's good. I'm glad everything worked out.
That's good to hear! Good for you! Maybe I should go to the pool too lol
True! Do you just swim or you do some water aerobics?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever been married?
I'm so sorry. It wasn't meant to be.
That's such a good tune.
Yeah, it's definitely a classic. It reminds me of my childhood as well.
Maybe you just have to find a way to get him motivated, without showing anger.
Yeah, just stay positive about it, I'm sure you'll figure something out.
Was it just a bad feeling you had?
Maybe someone died there
Oh yeah, the buffering?  Very annoying.
I hear that.  Sometimes the classics are impossible to find.
Did you get her something special?
Oh awesome, That is great!
You won't know an answer if you don't ask
Just play it safe
That sucks, after going all that way too and you didn't even get to try it. I'm sorry.
I hope you do get to try it soon. Be sure to let me know how it is!
That's funny.
Wonder if it has to do with his diet?
Will he be back soon?
Okay, I see. That must be hard.
I think we've all done a version of that.
Ha, that's too funny.
That sounds tough :-(  does he get back soon?
You must be so proud of him!
What was going on with her?
That sounds pretty serious, glad she is okay now!
What sort of issues?
Cats are always getting into things and causing destruction.
Oh no, could you ask your supervisor for guidance?
Sounds like you have a good plan. I wish you the best
That was very sweet. What movie did you want to watch?
Oh ok! The gift was a good idea so that you ca watch it as much as you want'
So you covered him. It was very noble from your side to act in this way
Well, at least you did something good for that co-worker and most probably he feels indebted toward you
So you have to wait a week longer to see her again? That stinks.
Yeah, I can imagine. At least it's only one week!
Great to hear that.I hope you enjoy your new life.
I am sure you will create a beautiful house.
Oh I am so sorry to hear that. Have you had it since it was a kitten?
That is so sad. I had a dog die unexpectedly and it tore me up.
Yeah I understand.  Are there any charities nearby that you could volunteer for?
Well that's good of you.  Do you think homelessness is due to mental incapacities?
Why did he do that?
Oh my, did you have a good time?
I don't understand that either. It really makes you sick to think about. Have you experienced this?
No I have not. I would never participate in that either. My wife and I are extremely happy together.
It always seems to work out like that doesn't it?
I may have to check that out as well.
Yes, but they also bring about a lot of good changes as well.
Yes, the first years of a baby's life, the mother pretty much spends entirely with them. The husband is kind of left out in the cold.
That is wonderful! Moms are truly a gift! I miss my Mom at times. We are workcamping in the mountains of NM and my Mom lives in TX.
We have always moved frequently with my husbands job but my parents usually end up following us lol. Now that we are fulltime RVers, they don't follow. I miss that sometimes. I am glad you have your Mom close! Cherish those times!!
Wow, yes, I always feel the same way! I would love to pass of grocery shopping to someone else.
I bet. I live about 20 minutes from a real town, which is far enough for me.
Omg that sounds like so much fun!!!!! Orlando?
You are going to love it
That's great. Takes a lot of dedication to be that prepared.
You should be, not everyone can really be that dedicated about something.
What did they do this time?
Well that is very nice of them to do!
I am sure hes doing it to take care of you guys and I am sure you are pampering him too for doing it.
Pamper him all the way up until you get some lavish vacation! loooool  I'm joking, partially! Happy for you guys tho!
What will you try and do?
What is your field of work?
That is really cool I hope you get the job
Not yet but I think once I have the skill for it I will defenetly will.
That would bother me as well. Have you discussed this with her?
I can understand that. I actually broke up with a previous girlfriend over the same type of thing.
Oh that must have been so exciting and surprising!
Did you all do some fun things while he was there?
Well, that's a real tragedy.
Can you buy two next time and have one in reserve?
Wow, that must've been hard to uproot your whole life. Are you happy about the move?
That's awesome! I've been wanting to do the same actually. I hope you have a fabulous time in your new place and new job!
What was the boy kid's problem?
Maybe he has the crush on her?
I'm so sorry to hear that. Is there treatment or a cure?
That sounds awful. How is he feeling?
Sounds like a nice surprise! my god how beautiful.
That's seriously one of the best presents ever.  I'm happy for you!
Your hard work should pay off! Any strategies?
Summer semesters are difficult. I did them too. Best of luck to you!
Brought back a lot of memories I guess ?
Always nice to have memories of the good old days.
Wow, what an awesome proposal that must've been. And maybe a little embarrassing, lol.
Haha, sounds very sweet though.
Oh no, what are you going to do?
I never listen to those warnings either, but now I'll have second thoughts.
Congratulations! What did you name her?
Congratulations! What did you name her?
How sweet! Does she know any good tricks?
What?  That's awful!  How did you find out it was them? Did someone see it?
Oh boy.  I would confront them kindly and tell them you'd like to reach a solution without there being a fight or problem.  Those situations are never fun. Sorry.
Thunder always keeps me up, it gets so loud sometimes! And the wind!
Yes, I could understand how it could be very fearful. It's quite scary to be woken up that way as well.
I'm so proud of you! I'll pray for your success!
It's got to be so exciting though!
That sounds lovely. Do you have many flowers?
That is quite impressive! You must be very proud of your work!
That was very kind of them. Did they charge you for their labor?
That sounds like a good neighbor. I hope that your home was not damaged.
Congratulations to you both!  What's he going to study in college?
That's a great degree for the future and getting a job.  Good luck to him.
That's so awesome, I'm really jealous! I've never been either, and I'm actually saving up for a trip!
Disney World too, I've always wanted to go! I hope you guys have a wonderful time!
I'm sorry I hope you didn't get injured
Lol I can imagine
They are such a bad company
Oh yea exactly
It's quite disheartening to know people jump queues
I believe he will pay somehow. They call it karma :)
That must have been scary.  It's always better to be safe in a situation like that.
It's great that you had an RV to stock and pack more things.  Glad to hear the storm missed you!
Wow you are lucky to have someone so thoughtful. I bet you were feeling great.
That is awesome. I am sure you will return the favor one day.
Did you plan the anniversary?
Well, hopefully they still have a good time.
Oh that's great. You must be the luckiest granddad in the whole world
All the best buddy enjoy the celebrations :)
I'm sorry to hear that, its very hard to cope with
It is, I feel for you! I had a relative that progressively got worse and its extremely difficult
That's awesome! I love when people remember my birthday.
How fun! I wonder how they knew.
Did you study hard?
Then I am sure you will do well.
What did he do?
That is impressive! I hope he is proud too!
Oh that is awesome! its so nice to get money in a lumpsum
That makes it very difficult, and hard not to get your hopes up
Oh wow! I would be very angry as well! Unless it was some kind of emergency or extenuating circumstance
He didn't even call to let you know whats going on?
That is a great mindset to have, and should lead to a great day!
That is a very kind thing to say! I appreciate that
That is sad to hear. Don't worry, you will find someone that is for you.
It seems like that but it is not true. You have to be patient and you will find your love one day.
I would have been terrified, like need a nice strong drink type of terrified! How did it end up going?
I'm glad it all went well! It seems that sometimes when you are extremely nervous it can make time pass quickly too.
I'm sad to hear that. Have you tried using social media to make new friends?
Try going to the park then. You could run into someone that is into you.
That is awesome! Parents are the best
Lol I know the feeling! and being a parent I now understnd
Awesome! was it hold em?
Most def, I love playing hold em
I also do not like spiders. I don't even like watching Spiderman due to not liking spiders.
Maybe you can go see a doctor and he can help you with your fear.
The only video game I have ever played is Super Mario.
It is a classic, even my kids enjoy playing it.
That's always terrible, but congrats on the anniversary!
That makes the situation worse when your expectations are through the roof
I definitely relate to that feeling, why can't they take us with them!?
Well, I hope she gets home soon, to make the home, a home again! :)
It is pretty crazy how fast grow up when you get older, it seems like a couple of weeks and they are in high school
That's definitely a factor, sometimes I forget about some of my nephews even exist.
I am so sorry to hear that. No one should have to go through something like that.
I'm sure I would have done the same thing! But stay strong, many people have beaten cancer! Keep a positive attitude and stay by her side!
That was an awesome day for me too, hard to believe it was nearly  10 years ago
Agreed! its a shame growing up how fast you wanted to be an adult
Oh man, now that sucks! You gotta be careful on those wet roads. At least you're okay.
Is your car still drivable?
Good thinking.  You can never be too prepared, only under prepared.
Yep! or if you're house will be hit.  Many possibilities with tornadoes!
Oh my goodness. what a blessing
It much be a huge weight off of your shoulder
That is great to hear! a faithful spouse is a blessing
I am sorry to hear about that! I hope everything gets better for you!
Oh no, I hope you did any sustain any injury
Yea, he will definitely get caught
That makes two of us! I am terrified of all snakes
Eww that's disgusting, and makes it worse it was a poisonous snake
Ah that's terrible. I would be annoyed as well I think.
I'm sorry to here that, but life goes on and tomorrow is another day. We just have to make the best with what we are given. You'll get through this.
Really why is that?
I think with time you will get used to it.
That is great, Why does he travel so much?
What does he do for his job?
That's good, is it very important that this friend be there?
That makes sense!  I'm sure he will be there for you!
There you go! I need to work on that area of my life as well.
I bet you have more energy and more confidence for sure!
How you been together long?
Awesome. I've got you beat by 1 year. You know I just read the average couple from the time to meet to the time the ends things is 6 years. If you make it past that it will probably last for every.
You are pretty lucky!
Maybe I should buy some. I never win either. Its about time
I am sorry, maybe she will share?
That is infair
I hate when that happens! Especially when you have been waiting for the beach!
That's what matters most, that you had a good time and made memories!
Congratulations! I'm sure you earned it!
You're welcome. I wish you the best in the new position.
Oh no! That is awful, that can mess with your mood.
I can understand that!
I bet that is a rough schedule.
Does he get any nights off?
It sounds like a great chance to start over fresh! Where are you moving to?
Oh wow! How exciting! I can't wait to come visit you there so you can show me the sights!
Ugh, why do people do that? It's annoying.
Do you smack the women who do it?
Yeah, they are so good! George Lucas is a genius!
Yeah me too. I prefer the first three. They are very different from the others.
You're unable to hold them in?
I'm sorry, that must be pretty rough on you!
Wow that is awesome
That is a long time
Do you pick up after them or tell them anything?
That's good of you
Oh I can relate I am also afraid of that
Haha . I remember a time I was in vegas I was scared to go on this really high ride
I hope you get that call soon!
Wow that's great, congrats!
Oh nice, how long are you going for ?
That sounds like a great time.
I understand that! what kind of car is it?
That's pretty fancy! Does it have all the bells and whistles?
That is great! I know my sister has had help with that a lot too! It can get expensive. You know they have new clothes from target at goodwill a lot, that helps with spending
It's like $5 for new clothes, good quality a lot. Great! Yes it is a lot to buy clothes for ever growing kids
THAT is the spirit of a true giver and the only one I would take a gift from! Great in laws!
That is despicable. Did you report her to the teacher?
She could drop her from the class and give her an F!
Me too! Who did this to you?
I understand that! When I am ready to go- I just want to hurry up and go. I hate sitting around waiting too. Maybe you should make her wait and see if she likes it. Lesson
That's so sad! Can you email them?
Can you see him before he goes?
Hey, that's pretty good. Do you have any goals set for yourself?
Well I hope yours work out as well. Focusing on the goals of others probably gives you a lot of inspiration.
Oh I know! I could kill people like that.
And they don't have a voice of their own.
Congratulations! What made it so great?
Ah, well you earned it!
Oh.. congrats.. you must be happy then
Wow then... do you have any special plans to celebrate ?
That's very admirable of you.  How do you help her?
We need more people like you in the world.  Theres always someone out there who needs a helping hand and could use a friend.
I totally agree. People are too divided by their political views these days.
Everyone is always fighting over these things, it's a sad thing to see.
Oh! pity about you.
Hope you had good time after your work!
I am so sorry to hear that.
I hope you find a new puppy love soon.
I am glad to hear that!  What is happening with him?
That is awesome!  I hope he got a good raise
I can't imagine why people would do that. Animals are helpless.
You're very empathetic then! I hate seeing animals suffer as well.
Hiking is probably a tough environment to meet people! LA is real nice, but I hear the people there aren't/
That's cool! Did you end up keeping up with them after you left?
That's sweet to have such a memory of her. Did she pass away then?
I'm so sorry, pets are like children
Teething is a hard period for babies and moms
Poor baby. I remember my kids teething too. It was horrible
Ha ha, I'm sure he'll get the the hang of it eventually. It takes some children longer than others to get used to.
I'm not looking forward to it when I have a kid! I can't function without a good 8 hours of sleep.
How does that make you feel ?
I've never left the US. I've never been north of Kentucky.
I've spent my life turning my home into where I want to be, instead of where I want to leave.
That was nice. What did you have?
That sounds good. I bet it was fun to hangout and eat with your friend.
It is very annoying! I hate it too
Some people should not be allowed to drive! We were rear ended 2 times last months! Can you believe that
That;s ok, everyone has some kinda fears that make little sense to others.
Hey, I can't sleep without socks. It's no big deal.
That is really nice of you! I am sure they appreciate it
They get to enjoy themselves and have a good time! :)
Oh no, did you have candles and flashlights available?
Good thing, you have to be prepared for those situations
Oh I am so sorry. Cats can be very mischievous sometimes.
Yea I feel you. At the end of the day you can't blame the cat. It didn't do this on purpose.
Man I'm sorry to hear that...I've wasted a good protein shake doing that once
Oh well I was starving...I just rinsed it out with some mouthwash and ordered a big pizza lol
I use to live in an older house that had a tin roof, and I'd always love hearing the rain beat on it! Helped me sleep like a baby,.
I wonder if that's a common thing? It's very relaxing.
I'm sorry for that. Have you tried going to therapy?
I'm so sorry but you'll get there in time.
I've never gambled. What happened when you were playing video poker? And is it fun?
Wow, check out Mr. Moneybags over here! That must have been a real thrill though.
Yes, it does seem like a fun place. I would love to go to the Mardi Gras.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I wish I would have seen it!
I'd say that'd be a real disappointment to say the least.
End of friendship.
I am not quite sure what you mean by that?
That's OK, It happens to the best of us!
Oh that little unfair
Oh enjoy dude
Congrats! How do you feel about it? And what is the presentation on?
It's good that you worked hard on it. I hope you get a raise or a bonus for your labor!
I think so.  Sometimes our friends show us sides of them that they rarely show other people.
Did you make the party anyway?
Wow. That is a blessing
I am going to always take care of my kids like that
I hate doing dishes any way
That's sweet
Cool I just finished today
Yeah we had a hard time today lol
I am going to do like you next year for sure!
That happens sometimes
I probably wouldve cried
Was it like black friday? lol
Stick to your routine next time
I hear ya! I am definitely shopping online
Plus you can usually get some kind of cash back. I love deals
Ew, I hate spiders. We are in the process of getting them out of our garage.
Oh no, throw it away!!!!
How was it too much?
That sounds very strange
How big is the bonus usually?
Wow, well I hope you guys get it this year then!
Why did you do that?
Wow, good for you guys!
How old were you?
That is young, I wish someone had helped you!
Math has never been my strong suit. I'm more of a history type of person.
That was very altruistic of her!
Why she is doing that?
Ah ok I undestand.
Why did you go back?
Good for you, best of luck!!
Oh no. Did you have a good backup plan ?
Maybe you can transfer after a bit ?
How did that make you feel?
I understand! I would feel the same way.
What do you mean by that? I'm not a gamer really
Oh you're right, it has. I hear about it more and more
I hate that most parks close during the winter too. Do you have any indoor type amusement parks near you?
I feel you. You will just have to go as often as possible during the other months to make up for the winter time without!
Ooh, congratulations! I'll be graduating soon too. What's your major?
That's very cool. My dad's an electrical engineer, actually. I'm a cybersecurity major myself.
What is your most prized posession?
Why is that?
Oh wow, maybe he can get a scholarship! I know some colleges now offer bowling athletic programs.
You must be very proud of him! Yes, I love to bowl with my family but I'm not very good at it!
That is scary. Do you have means of defending yourself?\
Maybe you can call a neighbor or something to see if they see anything suspicious outside your house! Don't hesitate to call the police if you feel you should!
Ha ha! I have done that, too. So embarrassing.
Phew, so they got most of the attention.
It can be hard in those situation I know you don't want to loose a friend in the end.
Yes you should but when you feel comfortable don't feel guilty you are the victim he is a sad case you got this.
Aw, that has to be tough not to see your friends. Do they visit often?
How awful! You're much better off staying at home. I hope you find new friends soon!
School can be tough. How many credits are you taking on?
Engineering is already tough. If you can get through this, I'd say you'll be very successful in life.
Oh you're gonna be awesome I bet!
Yeah that always happens, don't be hard on yourself as long you do great
Nice. What was dinner?
I haven't met a pizza I didn't like yet.
I remember my kids going through that. Do you have teething rings for him?
Poor boy. I hope he gets through it soon.
What is the game about you must love games it will take up your whole night.
Really that is a cool story to tell when asked how you 2 met did ya'll play online together a lot?
Oh that's not good. Do they argue about small things?
Yikes, that shouldn't be. I think you've really stepped up in this situation. Hopefully they can see that and change their ways.
I love storms too but yeah, that's a nuisance.
Yikes! Lightning didn't strike real close by, did it?
That is good. Will it be a difficult semester?
That is good. I am sometime a procrastinator.
Awww, what fun.  That must have been so nostalgic for you!  I wish I was back in childhood again sometimes.
I saw a toy that they are bringing back from a couple decades ago when I was a kid and wow, it was so neat to see!
Wow. Sibling's got skills.
How long has he been bowling?
I am sorry to hear that, I am sure you will be fine. What kind of job is it?
Well, it shouldn't be too bad. If you couldn't do the work I'm sure they wouldn't have hired you.
That's a bummer. At least you will be more attentive next time?
Indeed. If everyone got worked up over things like that, we'd all be out of jobs.
That sounds incredible. Did you visit the Great Salt Lake?
Man, I definitely have to go there. Sounds like a great place for sightseeing.
Oh my god, Do you think he got it just because you like it so much?
That is hilarious, In a cruel kind of way.
Ohh, I feel you. I felt the same way, when I was planning to buy a new car.
Yeah. I believe you are emotionally attached to it!
Wow why would they even do that?
Sheesh, people will take anything that's not nailed down these days.
That's terrible to hear. Is it old?
Are you thinking of getting a new car?
Me too. Its nerve wrecking
Maybe you should take some classes to help you with that
Ohh, cleaning dog poop is always been annoying, yet petting the dog is always amusing.
Ha ha. I feel sorry for you though. No one likes to clean the dog poop!
That has happened to me several times
Lol. They probably just laughed about it over dinner
Were you able to get them?
That was so sweet of him! You're lucky to have such a sweet boyfriend
Thanks you for your service
Which branch?
I have never had that feeling.
Well that's good. Probaby saved a bunch of coins
I would also cry with you!
I cry at least a day!
Oof that sucks really bad
Yea I can imagine it is
That sucks, are you going to leave Texas or stay?
How much did the damage cost you?
I do not even have a toilet.
I use the woods!
Really? Is that a promotion?
Good for you.
Were you afraid of heights and high speeds?
I am glad you did. Rollercoasters are thrilling and should not be missed out on!
Oh wow! that sounds very special!!!
I'm glad your family did that for you
Oh wow! That must have been terrifying! Were they able to help her?
I could imagine. It must have been amazing to see her rescued though!
That sucks. Did they give you any reason why they won't verify it?
Well, I hope they can get you taken care of soon. I know I hate it when I can't get to my money I have online.
I am the same.. woke up at 6 for no reason
LOL I hate that
What happened?
I understand those kind of situation could scarry.
How did it go?
I hate those as well
I am so sorry to hear that.
I truly hope you can recover from this major loss in your life.
I'm glad to hear that!
Good luck to you! I wish you the best
I think you had good skills with tools
That's cool of you
Oh that's great. What are you going to be doing?
Oh wow, that sounds like a tough job, but I bet you will be good at it.
Oh, I'm sorry.  What are you thinking of getting?
Nissans are very nice and rugged.
That is a great move!  I did the same thing.
Good job, keep up the good work!
What was for breakfast?
You can't! Sounds like a wonderful morning!
That's awesome, it's not easy to do that so kudos to you!
I'll keep my fingers crossed that you won
Oh awesome!  Congrats!!!!  How has it changed life for you?
That's really fantastic!  I'm glad to hear you turned your life around.
That sounds so great. Who was the one to come up with this plan?
I see. I wish I had a partner and we could go to such places together too. Maybe some day hopefully
What did she do?
Wow! That was really nice of her! What was the occasion? You guys must be very close.
That is so awesome! I am sure you appreciate her for it. It's good that you have a great relationship with her.
Do they live in a different state than you?
Sorry to hear that.  Remember those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind
Souds like you were content.
I feel you. Sometimes its nice to veg out and just watch tv.
Oh no! That's awful!  I watch animals for a few different people and I would never do that.  That's very unprofessional. Did they have an emergency?
That's ridiculous.  I was going to see who might have helped you.  I'm so glad your friend helped.  Hope you had a great time!
What kind of dogs do you have?
Do you like to watch tv with you doggies?
Do you talk with her on the phone?
Will you throw her a comeback party?
Oh, that's cool. Did you find any good memories in there?
Nice! It sounds like a really good bonding experience.
I'm so sorry.  I know you must've felt helpless but coming from a wife's perspective; I would know my husband couldn't be right next to me but his words and love make all the difference.
I totally feel you.  My husband as gone for work so much for a couple years.  It will just be a season of life and then you'll be back together!  Communicating even more than ever and encouraging each other can help so much.  You're doing great!  I hope you're together soon!
So who annoyed you?
So did it result in a brawl?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he's feeling better now.
He's lucky to have you there.
I can understand that. Do you try to find ways to fill your time while you're waiting?
Yeah, waiting for someone can be a real pain.
I also love dogs.
Puppy's are the best. I love puppies!
How much did you pay for the surgery?
Uhmnnn! scared of your cat or the vet?
Holy hell, that must have been scary! Did you see it happen?
I'm sorry to hear that. I really hope you are able to get over this and feel at ease again!
I'm so sorry!  That can be a devastating time. I have been there before.  How long did you have your dog?
I completely understand.  Something that helped me was to have pictures up and also have a little remembrance each year with some other family that loved him as much as I did.  Just take it a day at a time.
Aw, I'm sorry, well I'm here to talk to you!
I feel you.  I've been in that position, and it can get dark.  But there's always people online to talk to!
That car is quite expensive, I wish I could afford one too.
Work hard and maybe you could afford it.
That's sad, why don't you go visit them?
That's a bummer, hopefully you can still talk to them over the  phone or online!
That is not good, what was wrong with your food?
Did you ask for a refund when you realized the problem?
Why didn't you say anything?
Well then I don't blame you. I would have done the same thing
That's very nice of her, family is one of the best things we have in this world.
As you should be, some people don't have anyone to lean on in their lives.
That sounds spooky
Oh no I hope you stay safe
Nice! That's a very nice surprise.  What kind of car?
Wow, she went all out, hope you drive safely and have fun with it!
I am really sorry to hear that.  Why are you ashamed?
That is really too bad.  Did you all have a fight?
That's not nice of them, are they meaning to be rude?
You should let them know you aren't ok with them doing that.  If they are real friends, they will stop.
How come? what happened?
Ohhhh.  Yea I would be scared too then.  That sounds terrifying.
That's good, where are they?
Wow, did they go there on vacation?
Why would she leave you?
Oh no, i'm so sorry to hear that. I know your heart is broken. Did you try to talk to her about it?
What movie did you want to see?
Why won't you be able to watch it?
Oh yeah that sounds very relaxing! I hope it was good weather for you all!
That's great!  I'm glad you had a good time, its always nice to have a refresher to get away from everything for a little bit!
Oh boy! Where are you headed?
Congratulations! I hope everything goes well!
Oh, wow. Its like that sometimes. You have to give into your sweet tooth.
Ugh, I hate the regret that comes with giving into food cravings. Don't be too hard on yourself. It was just one time.
How awesome. my husband is 7 years cancer free
It's amazing news. congrats to you both. enjoy your time together
Six months!  I would be so mad!  What are you going to do about it?
Good call!  I would have done the same thing!
I think you will nail it, are you prepared
Good then you will do well!
I bet, have you told them how u feel about it?
I guess just walk away is all
Well you can get better
You will do better next time, I promise
I do not have those
I do not attend school
I am sorry to hear that, I hope you had some time together before hand
That is good at least, you had some closure at the worst
What happened?
What did you win?
Oh that sucks.  Those are the types of situations where you can't help it, but you know you did wrong the second after it's over.
Well, there aren't any rules against apologizing to your kids?
Yeah you can judge someone like that
That's a nice gesture from you
Oh man, the beach always sounds nice
That sounds like it was lovely
I am sure not many people noticed
I can imagine, sorry
I am so sorry I have been there so many times
I am sorry you had to go through that
What did they do
Oh well, he will learn
You do what you want, you earn it!
Why?
Why is he not helping?
Oh, well work can be tough too sometimes
I bet you are proud
I am sure she did
That is sweet, who from?
Wow, how sweet of him, you are both lucky!
What of?
Oh, that is awesome, I love those trips down the old memory lane
Oh wow, talk about bad timing
Oh no, I hate flies
I'm ready for a new start for my family and a better paying job!
Yes! and new opportunties for my family. We need the fresh start on life. I don't like living in Texas.
Wow, I don't know how you runners do it. I can't stand running. How many miles do you run per day on average?
I usually jog in the backyard, but not really running. I'm too fat to run.
Its always nice to get some sleep
Oh wow, that was nice of him
I am glad for you. I hope it continues
Oh nice, its good to have options
How old is she?
Wow, they do grow up fast, appreciate the time you get!
Oh no, that sounds scary
I hope they are
That is not something to take for granted, enjoy yourself!
I hope so too, best of luck with that!
You can always start tomorrow
It can be hard, but you can do it
Why is that?
I get that, best of luck friend!
Did you have a good time?
They'll always have good memories of the beach.
What kind of dog
She does sound adorable
How long did you live in your old one?
It'll take some getting used to.
Sounds like you practice a lot to get good.
Are you the captain?
Is this a common occurrence?
That's good. I hope it's controllable.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
He sounds like a great guy. I'm glad you have fond memories of him.
She may be skinny, but it doesn't mean she's healthy.
Yea, I totally understand that. She won the genetic lottery there.
Have you tried speaking with the post office?
That's ridiculous, they should have to do something.
That sounds like fun. what did it bring to you?
Eww... that's pretty gross. I had a cat once that would bring me dead birds too. I think that means they like you!
Watch out! Next thing you turn around, and he's driving.
I hope you got some photos.
What happened?
That is bad. You should have got refunded.
How'd that go?
Oh god, roaches. Did you guys use the bathroom anyway?
Are you okay?
Oh my gosh, a plate! That kinda sounds serious.
That is a lot.. most I ever took at one time was 5 classes and I cried at least twice that semester.
Damn that is impressive congrats.. I took 1 class last semester and got an A lol
That's true. Did you finish the job?
That's really great. It's nice when everything works out in the end.
Oh, all the time. I've got to change my Depens three times a day.
Oh wow. I just would've blamed it on whoever I was with.
Oh, I don't know why concerts make me feel a bit sentimental
That must have been horrible! I'm so sorry you went thru that
Yes, some people call it fate.
That sounds so romantic!
Oh no, was it benign?
That is so terrible, I'm so sorry.
Do you dress up when the new movies come out also?
Ah, I bet seeing all of the kids now dressed up does take you back to an earlier time.  Nostalgia has a way of getting to each of us.
What is a dive bar
Oh ok. We call them hole in the walls lol
Mine too.
Are you going to pass it down too?
Well that's nice
Oh yeah that can be a mine field to walk across. Didn't have any issues?
That's very faithful of you, and the right thing to do I'd say.
Did a specific experience cause this? or just instinct.
That's interesting my mother has always been afraid of heights, Not myself though.
I use to go to raves when I was in high school.
Did you get arrested?
Why did she break up with you?
Are you still friends with her?
Me too! the first one I ever went to traumatized me.
That seems like a weird birthday activity.
Have you ever woke her up and told her to stop?
That's hilarious, my mother snores like a monster
Yes! that's actually amazing, you have a good friend!
You are lucky! who won?
Yay! is it a family member having a baby
What?!?! that's amazing! starting a family I imagine can be surreal
Oh yeah? Where are you going?
That sounds like a lot of fun
Did you do anything special during your alone time?
That is not good, you should try to find an activity for when you are alone
THat is insane, I usually give myself like 2 or 3 days.
That's right! that's such a good feeling, just breezing through a test.
Where did she go?
Oh, I bet that was frustrating. Did you get evey thing squared away and taken care of?
Where are you living at?
That sounds amazing
That's great to hear. What made you think it went well?
Those are good signs! Sounds like you hit it out of the park!
Pool's always a difficult game to pick up. I'm guessing your first time went well?
Wow. Talking about cleaning up.
Are you still going to attend it?
Of course, but at least you can still afford it.
Yes, I agree, are you hoping for something in particular.
That's a good hope. Good luck with that.
That is great, I bet she is very proud of herself.
As you should be, so many young people give up before reaching their goals.
Me time is very crucial for anyone, it help one clear hi or her mind. We are so much alike..
Sort of reduces stress,very crucial
Oh no! Hopefully he is ok. Did you take him to the vet?
What a silly dog than! She will learn to not do that again!
That's great! Congratulations! Is this your first child?
Congratulations, again. Parenthood is truly a great and wonderful experience.
That's so cool of them. That's how parents should be
We all need a little help sometimes
Great, where did you go?
Was it a good trip overall?
Yes, flying is very hard to do.
Yeah, and so little you can actually care on instead of checking.
Why don't you trust?
He is correct. But you should trust some people whom you think they're good.
Wow that sounds pretty high to me. What was wrong with it?
Wow what a crook that other guy was!
Congratulations! Is this your first child?
I'm so happy for you. Have you two thought of a name yet?
Was it any fun?
Yes, I wish flying was a bit faster.
Oh no, what did she do
Oof, that can get messy.
Congratulations! When is it due?
Are you excited? Do you have a name in mind?
Did you enjoy it?
Amazing! did you go down rapids and do scary stuff?
Emerged from a bathroom? Intiguing. What do you mean?
OH - I'm sorry to hear that, but it sounds like he had a bit of character about him
It must be true love!
I feel like that sometimes - but people have usually seen worse.
Oh no! I bet you were terrified!
Were you guys angry or frustrated with each other?
Must be such an exciting time for your family!
Be sure to get plenty of rest thought! Its easy to lose sleep in such a time.
Oh, I am so sorry. Were you also close to them?
What a sad way to go. If only he could have gotten help.
Wow - hidden depths. Are you going?
Amazing. Just shows that you can't judge a book by it's cover
Oh my, did it happen to you recently?
That sounds terrifying! Must have been like a nightmare for you.
When did you move in?
3!!! Amazing
Wow that's a tough schedule. Especially with a new baby.
Why were they doing that?
Oh that's awesome! What was the teen asked to speak about? Are they nervous?
When I was growing up I know that my youth leader made a huge impact on me, so it's really a great thing that you do working with kids.
Try not to get so tense, that can harm your health
Take a deep breath and calm the discomfort ... that helps
Cool. Pizza is my fav food. What movie you guys going to see?
I love that movie also. Have fun
Wow I am so proud of that
Was it expensive ? any student loans ?
Did they give you any reason for not giving you the job?
Well, at least a candidate that deserved the job got it.
I bet. I'm not a very confrontational person so I do everything I can to avoid places like that
You should bring it up to your boss at work for a security guard to accompany you next time!
Did you offer to replace the broken baking dish that you accidently broke?
That sounds like a good friend, forgive and forget. She new you did not intend on breaking the baking dish.
That sounds good. Are you moving soon?
I hope you find something that you like and are happy with. Its really important to be happy with where you live.
That is always a good feeling. Such a relief.
It was nice of you to step up and help out.
Haha, I can relate to that. I did that too, and my friends took a wonderful photo of it. They like to stick it on our yearly Christmas cards to each other
You have to :) Everyone has bad moments and if you can't laugh at them, then they just eat you up!
How exciting! That is a great accomplishment.
I know how you feel. My oldest is in her sophomore year of college.
Did you talk to them politely or yell back ?
What industry are you in, I find that a lot in retail and service
Why what is it that you want them to notice about you that they bypass.
I completely understand think of it as maybe they are not meant to be apart of your life, you will find some good friends just be patient.
What is exciting to you about swimming?
So you prefer a pool to an ocean?
That is so sweet I love a caring husband has she gotten better?
As you should a good husband is what keeps us women strong also good for you she is lucky to have you.
I feel you! What do they do for you?
Its rare to have that! I have it now too. It is great to know you have someone to rely on and trust!
I bet that was a nice feeling
I bet you were
Yikes! Was anything damaged?
That's pretty scary. I'm glad there wasn't any damage and that you're okay.
Wow, congratulations! That must have taken a lot of training and practice.
What kind of dog is she, and how long have you been competing like this?
Did you stay with other relatives?
Do you Enjoy that?
I bet that's kind of a pain. How are you dealing with it?
I bet. It's so annoying when people show off like that.
Ewww did you get a refund or at least a voucher ?
I would have blasted them on Yelp
What about the them park made you anxious?
They can be really scary for people who do not like them.
Why did your friend do that to you?
I am not sure I would be able to forgive someone of something like that, it is really rude behavior.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried joining clubs or hanging out with people from work?
I know how that is.
I understand how you'd feel that way. Do you trust her around other guys?
Ah. That can be tough in a relationship.
I understand. Horror movies freak me out, too. Did you watch the whole thing?
I bet. I don't think I could sit through a whole one.
How long ago did that happen?
I am so sorry to hear, if you need to talk to someone about it, I am here for you
She must not have loved you
People change over time, is she thinking of coming back ?
Was the weather good?
That is awesome, I am sure you can not wait to go back
Perhaps try telling the person how it makes you feel
Have confidence in yourself and be stern about it.
That sounds nice. How often does this usually happen?
I hope this continues for you for a long time.
Was it for your birthday?
Did you guys get to eat the cake?
Its just the way the world is now, social media has ruined humanity
It can't get any better than it already is now.
Have you told them how you feel?
Just sit them down and talk about the way they are treating you
That must have been so annoying. Hopefully you can just get a replacement.
I hope he doesn't do it again.
That is so annoying, some people just don't have morals
Can you afford to move ?
How does it get you into trouble?
I'm sorry to hear that. I guess at least if helps you know you can trust in the future and who you can't.
So proud of yourself right ?
You will be making more money
I hate going to the dentist, too. You just gotta go through with it.
By now, wish it was less painful, hu?
That's cool. I wish I had my dream job
My dream job is being born rich. Its too late for that
Ick.
Whoa that is always exciting. Baseball can be boring at times.
I love sports. I am glad you got to experience that.
Woot! That's great! Which brand are you thinking?
Toyota is a great choice
EW OMG Did you kill it?
EEK! Sounds frightening!
That was nice! What does Scottish cheese taste like?
Cheddar is one of my favorites. I live pretty close to Cabot Creamery and I love their sharp cheddar.
It's located in a small farming town in Vermont. I went on a tour of their factory once and it was interesting to see the cheese being made.
You should definitely check to see, or stop by Cabot if you ever visit Vermont.
I'm sorry to hear that, that's very sad. Were you two close?
That's a bummer, I'm sure he is looking out for you up above!
Ah man, that's a buzz kill, are you still going to rough it out in the rain?
Ah dang, well there's always next weekend!
Did you have a good time visiting with them?
What did you guys do?
That sounds fun.  Was the weather nice?
What sort of food did you eat?
It is, but I think it was all along and people are just standing up for what they believe in more now.
Maybe, but I think the best we can hope for is tolerance.
I'm very sorry to hear that.  Losing anyone close to you, especially a parent would be very hard.  Are you close to other members of your family and were you able to help each other through it?
I bet it has.  Keep sticking by with your family.  I'm sure you are all there for each other more than you know.
What did you do to feel that way?
I'm sorry to hear that, you could make it up to them by going to visit?
Cool! Who are you going to see?
Of course! Grace is so talented! She was on America's Got Talent, right? I get all those reality talent shows confused.
Wow, that sounds amazing!
Great news then!
How was that? Were you excited for some more quiet and for them to get back on a schedule? Or are you sad that it shows that they're getting older?
Ah, that's interesting you say that. I thought you'd just be like everyone else, who say, "Happy to nudge them out the door!" You sound like a good parent
What beach were you heading too?
Who all went with you? That sound so fun.
That's awesome, have you ever tried surfing?
Did you win? LOL
Winning those huge jackpots is always a curse.  Go for a smaller win :)
That is so exciting. A little extra cash can always help.
Yes, that would be a great surprise. It can also take a lot of stress off of you.
How was it
That's cool
You should make a wheel you can spin to decide.  I did that once.
Yes you put all the places on it and spin..
Put that on there too!
Oh me too! Do you have a monday to Friday type job?
Oh that is a pretty good schedule. I am a teacher so I'm off right now. It's wonderful.
Maybe its time for a new friend.
Ask him to stop being a jerk?
Oh dear, that must be difficult. Are there medications to take that will help?
Oh, I'm really sorry. That is for sure a challenge.
I'm glad you were safe. Tornados are not a fun thing to experience.
Have you only had to deal with one?
Well, that's very nice. I'm sure you were looking forward to that shopping trip.
That's was so thoughtful and sweet! Seems like you are a lucky wife!
That is a lot of fun.  What is your favorite holiday to drive around in?
I'm sorry it makes you miss your moms decor.  At least you have those memories to hang onto.
That must be comforting!  It is good to have people in your life that are supportive.
Don't ever take her for granted!  Make sure she knows you are thankful!
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you not live close to a beach?
That must suck not living close to a beach. Hopefully you get to go back real soon.
Hah, seems we both had some luck. Good for him!
You guys should go out and celebrate!
Lucky! I would not trust anyone in my house!
I am happy for you!
Oh no! That's my greatest fear that people will tell my secrets
Aw, perhaps she just slipped up? It does happen even to the best of us
Oh that can be scary. I don't watch horror movies because I know that I'll do just that!
Well I'm glad you were ok! Sometimes it's not just a shadow
That's the best kind of day.
Must have been so nice, what movie did you watch?
I am so sorry to hear about Riley, I know he was an important part of the family. How is everyone holding up after the news?
Yes that is true. You know there is peace in another place. He will always be remembered.
I can empathize with you there.  Do you think there might be another way to let her know?
Well money is not everything, one day it will come out and then the timing will likely be worse.
Really!  Good for you!  Are you excited to start or nervous?
It's OK to be nervous, but don't let it stop you!  No risk, no reward!
That sucks, I work with people like that and it's just more work for other people
That's horrible, you should tell the boss and get her fired
I bet it was.  Death is never an easy thing to deal with, especially for a child.
I hope she will be alright!  I remember how devastated I was when my last dog passed away and I was an adult.  A kids emotions seem to amplify everything!
You are lucky!
How much did you win?
I have never won that much. Congratulations
Oh no! What happened?
Oh geez, that's terrible!  Did they run from the scene?  Hopefully they left some information.  I was in a hit and run about 4 months after I bought my new car and I felt sick that it was already hit.
Wow. Do think he had bad intentions?
I understand.
Oh man...I hate checking the mail..it could be something crappy
Oh god- Do you live in the country?
Then the person might be caught, do you have a camera? That is really crappy of someone! I have seen people put metal or wood pallets next to their mailboxes because of people doing stuff like this
It's a good idea to have one just in case. Murders, robberies etc happen even in small/nice towns. Just for your safety
That sounds nice.  Did you have a good time?
That is a shame.  At least she made a stopover!
What's the exam on?
I wish you good luck!
That's really cool! Was it your first game ever?
Well I think it really cool that you were able to get back into something that you used to do when you were younger!
That's so interesting because I saw someone post the same thing on a neighborhood app just today.  Is that you? ha ha.
Ha ha, guess you weren't the one.  That would've been crazy!  I hope its okay!  I'm sure someone will try to grab it.
Oh my goodness that's terrible, I am so sorry!
I can imagine! my dad is my best friend I would be devasted
Hey I like alone time!  Just gotta find some cool stuff to do!
Oh no!!  The ghosts are coming!! Yeah turn the TV up LOUD :D
Holy cow that's awesome!!!  What are you going to do with all that extra moneys??
That's pretty cool!  Congrats!!
I am so amazed by her!
Theres always tomorrow!
You can do it!
That's really creepy.
Also some kind of sound alert. You think you could scream for help during those times, but a lot of people actually don't.
Is that a good show? I have never heard of it
Nice! what channel?
That does sound like a great night! I think I'm overdue for one of those myself!
That's great. It's nice when we get some peaceful time for ourselves.
That is a big change!  Are you moving due to a job or something like that?
Yes, that is definitely a big change.  I hope you settle in quickly though - change like that can be a drastic lifestyle upheaval, but it could also be the best thing ever!
Nice. Do you like your new neighborhood?
That is great. Why did you move?
I'm not a fan of doctors most of the time - how did it go?
I cannot stand that - they should not schedule people so close together if they can't handle that pace.
Aww - did you feed the cat?
That's how we have our cat also - how funny!  They are just irrestible at some point aren't they?
Ugh!  I'm assuming that it woke you up?
Oh my goodness!!  How irritating!  I hope they didn't call back?
No way! Congrats! I'm having twins sometime this coming week
That's nice! Kids are great
I've always loved Halloween! Some people get crazy creative!
That's awesome! Now that I have kids, I have even more of an excuse to go out and check out what creative ideas people have every year.
Oh no!  I can't even imagine that - was everyone ok?
I'm so glad that everyone was ok.  But I know that was devastating - did you rebuild?
Scary! how long were you lost for?
Oh good... I was imagining days
Do you think she will be a good teacher for your daughter?
A good teacher makes a huge difference in how well the child learns and how much influence the parents are allowed to have - I hope your daughter has a great year.
I just cannot watch horror movies!!  Did you like it?
Oh I am right there with you!  The last scary movie I watched made it where I couldn't sleep that night.
Oh yeah?  Do you still look awesome like you did back then?
Yeah I bet.  Do you still keep in touch with any of them?
Yeah.  Maybe you should hit them up on FB for a reunion?
I bet you all would live it up and have a blast!
What did he want?  It's kinda scary when that happens, you never know what they want.
Well a good samaritan after all!  I'm sure you were embarrassed, but also glad that you didn't lose your purse!
Nice! What kind of car is it?
Well deserved! I hope she enjoys it to the fullest!
Hey that's awesome!  Where ya goin?
Holy cow that's awesome!  That's gonna be a fun 10 days!
Cool!  Have fun and be safe!!
That's a nice getaway
Have fun!!!!
Yikes that is pretty horrible
Just seems so inappropriate and disgusting
Oh wow, I hope you cherished your time with him.
Sorry that that happened to you, I hope you're doing well.
What did you do with the money/
That is smart. How often do you play the lottery/
K
That is great. Where is the award displayed?
Cool. Will you leave it there forever?
Did you get mad at her?
Hopefully she won't do it again.
That was very nice of you.
That is showing the Christmas spirit.
Did you hurt yourself?
He probably forgot about it already.
You must of been hard working.
That is great news. Congrats.
Oh no!  I bet that was embarassing :(
I'm glad you're okay.  Did you have the baby yet??
Do you not have friends?
True, but better than nothing.
Oh man well at least its a good thing to see them grow
That's fair enough
Wow that's impressive!
That's what I thought when I did it but I got a 34.
Where did he take you to?
I love Tunica. Did you win at blackjack?
Oh no. hy did you do it?
Did she find out?
Why wasn't it good? Florida sounds like an ideal destination.
I know what you mean but hey like you said, it was free.
Awesome, are you a millionaire now?
At least you won something though. I've never won anything from the lottery.
I know how that feels. Maybe try reaching out.
SOmetimes you have to be the bigger person
Dang that's really annoying.  Is your insurance going to cover it?
Yeah dealing with an accident is one of the most aggravating things.
Trust your god feeling, everything will be alright
Did you buy all the essential items the dog will need?
Nice! Are you married?
I am forever alone. However, I hope you continue to have great relationships and a great life!
Wow! What was it?
I'd like to see this vase. Do you like flowers?
What did you do ?
Yea that's true
Oh no.. what happeneed
Ah I hope it all turns out well for you all
I have, that's a very cool show
They are very talented on there
Yea I remember it seeing go away a few months back, sad.
Yea those were the gold ole days
Oh no, I am sure you can make it up to her
Well you have busy, it happens
Love is a great thing, I am happy for you
Yeah, people can be unpredictable sometimes
You need to take them away!
Yea I just take them away and let them cry it out.
That is great!  Do you have anything fun planned for him
That sounds like a good birthday.  I hope you guys have fun
Ah same here. If only we had more holidays in a year!
I guess we'll never though unless something monumental happens, and we get another holiday.
O? Same here. I love storms.
Be careful and don't go outside then.
Nice! What game?
Oh cool, I've heard of it but never played, I'm not too good with games.
I am happy for you. What kind of work
That sounds like a nice job
I feel you! Do you have everything facing the right way?
Oh well, it happens though, don't be too hard on people!
That's terrible. Do you know how long it's been going on?
I'm so sorry to hear that. What did he say?
Good for her! She must be quite proud of herself.
Oh gosh. Diapers are really expensive. I forget all about that.
Oh they're all amazing in their own ways!
What breed is she?
Nice. How much do you expect to make?
That's a pretty good sum of money. I hope you start there as well!
We're all human so having a feeling like that is understandable.
Yea, I'm always surprised at how much I sweat the little things.
That's a good movie, can't wait for the live action version coming out
That's  awesome
8
Is it far away_
Well you can still hang out since its not far
Are you glad its over?
I am sorry, any backup options?
Why do you say that
That is very true sadly
I know what you mean. my family is 800 miles away
I feel for you. it really makes life tough when you can't just take a drive down the road and see them.
That's horrible. Did he get to go to the dentist yet?
That's very kind of you to be there for him like that.
Oh no that's awful. I am sorry for your loss!
Yes, we can never be truly ready to lose our babies like that. I have been through it several times. At least they are happy and pain free now.
Me too. it worries me that all the food will spoil and my animals will get overheated
Does your power go out alot where you live? it only happens a few times a year here thankfully
Wow. Do you remember losing it?
That's weird lol
I am so afraid of spiders
I have no idea what a wolf spider is. It sounds terrible though
Do you think you'll do well?
What class is it?
Are you prepared?
I relate, what is the speech on?
Did yo make some good money?
I cold use some money like that
That's awesome to hear, a lot of people cheat on each other frequently and don't care anymore
I believe so too , if people are gonna cheat why get married at all
That's awful, but better safe than sorry. How were things when you came back?
That's a silver lining in all of it at least!
That's terrible. I thought they had to offer some sort of alternative. What airline was it?
I've never trusted British Airways.
You are so lucky to be talented enough to achieve such an honor. Was it as wonderful as you had imagined it would be?
Sounds like it was a once in a lifetime experience.
Do you have any kids?
I have 3- I bet you can't wait to take him fishing.
Was it at college?
OH wow! Did you get it all over youself?
That sounds like a really stressful situation. It's really good to know that there are still helpful people out there!
I'm glad you've put a positive spin on it :)
Who do you support?
Cool. Do you play football too?
Oh no! What did you do?
Oh yikes! That's a bummer. I'm sure the employees see that kind of thing all the time, though.
Oh that's super excited! I'm sure you're really proud of him.
That's super great to hear! Well deserved.
What a nice guy.  There are fewer and fewer of those every day.
Are you goings going to stay friends?
Did you get hurt?
I hope you get better soon!
That's never fun!  Large unexpected expenses are the worst
Oh no! At least you have something to look forward to, the new house!
Oh no! What a terrible thing to have happen! Were you able to confront them?
That is just awful. Now you'll have to pay to have it repaired.
Nice. Did you like it?
That is nice.
It was who,who were them?
Ok,thats amusing
Wow! that's great! I bet you feel proud of it!
I bet you were full of joy and laughter yesterday!
Oh no! Were you gone for long?
What a bad doggie... hopefully they don't do it again
I can hear the sigh of relief in your voice. I bet your anxious about what the next chapter will be.
I can tell your proud of yourself.  I'm happy for you!
You will be fine! Stay optimistic about it
I agree, but having great joy in life helps
It's good you're motivated! That's a step in the right direction
I agree. I wish I could go back to school and pay more attention
That's amazing and a very quick profit!  I'm a little bit jealous myself.
It's amazing the effect something so seemingly small, like the company headquarters opening, can effect an entire town like that
Yikes.  Did you get injured?
Yeah and the lanes are really slick.  That's pretty funny and maybe a little embarassing too.
I would be too! That's a really nice car for his first car!
I do too. Maybe he will left you drive it!
Wow you must be so happy! Nothing like a new car
HAving a reliable car really changes things for the best
Nice! What genre of playlist was it?
Cool! I like to rediscover old playlists I made when I was younger.
I can only imagine! How is he now?
Doctor's are good at what they do! I hope for a speedy diagnosis and recovery!
That is great news!  I bet you are glad to get a fresh start somewhere new.
It is always exciting to move into a new place and make it your own
Oh , how he reacted next
Its ok it happens with every one
Yes, that will be awesome! How long has it been since you've seen everyone?
That's fantastic that you get to see everyone again! I hope you have a great time catching up.
That is a great accomplishment. I admire your dedication in obtaining that goal.
It's really hard to stick with something like that. I wish I could do it.
That great to hear! Have you started a work out program before?
You can do it! Don't forget to reward yourself for all of your hard work!
Sounds impressive, does he mainly play for fun or is he in competitions?
Very nice, I would be proud too.
Oh no what happened?
That would really help if it was a permanent solution
Yeah enough is enough. I totally can't say I blame you.
Bwahaha not to mention it will help you get some relaxing sleep.
I hate creepy stuff like that because I get paranoid.
That sounds more odd than what I am used too. Hopefully nothing paranormal is going on.
That will be an amazing trip!!
That will be so great for them - I can just imagine meeting my granson for the first time - what a sweet time you are about to have.
Christmas was always a nightmare for me.
I cried every year knowing santa wasn't coming to my house.
That is great! It's so awesome to feel confident after an interview!
Yes it sure is. Did you end up getting the job?
Was it a ghost?
Oh,that was so hillarious
That's great, keep it up if you can!
It's good that you're being more proactive about your health now.
Man, I wish I could get one.
I also drive a chevy and have had it forever as well.
Have you ever sold on Craigslist before? I always have the people meet me in the Walmart parking lot during the day. I have sold hundreds of things and have never had an issue like that.
It will be okay. You could also have the people meet you at the local police station. The police do not mind and would rather you feel safe.
Is it loud where you are now?  New places are always so fun!
OH that will be such a huge relief I'm sure!  It's crazy that people behave that way, knowing they are causing other people such strife.
Oh no! How did that happen and how much damage did they do?
That is horrible! What will you do?
That is truly all you can ask for.
I try to never take anything in life for granted.
Wow, impressive. You must have natural talent. Do you plan to make more?
You can always sell them as well. I live in Amish country in PA and the Amish sell blankets for hundreds of dollars each.
I bet! Is it hard to have a long distance relationship?
I can only image how hard that was before the days of smartphones! I'm glad you were able to visit him!
Aww. It's the things money can't buy that bring us the greatest joy, no?
That is so true and it's a good perspective to have.
Dogs really are such great companions, what breed is she?
Yes I have a miniature pinscher, he just turned 15.
How come? it will probably be an exciting adventure for you to start
The summer is horrid. heat, sweat, mosquitos, rain, and crowds everywhere
I do the same! I think everyone does.
I think it's a normal human activity. You don't need to feel bad
That's the way to do it!  Be prepared to kick it's butt and get good grades!
Always put your school first, you will be thankful you did later!
Whoa that's exciting!  What kind of car we looking at?
That's a really good/safe first car.
That's awesome!  What kind of car do you want
Well I really hope you are able to save up and get it soon!
That's annoying, I hate how little attention most other drivers pay on the road.
I'm glad that you are okay! Keep your eyes peeled for terrible drivers.
I can imagine. How old will they be?
Yeah but also just think of all the amazing movies she has done.
Now that you what? Tell me!
Oh that is great! I've heard that exercise can really help mentally and physically!
That's great! Did you get anything you are especially excited about? It's a restaurant and a store?
Dragon tongue beans! I've never heard of them! What do they look like?
I will have to look for those. We have a huge variety of foods where I live, but this is new to me.
It sounds amazing! Are the prices good?
How did he scare you?
I bet that gave you a good scare! Gotta love dads and step dads!
Oh that sounds disgusting!
I hope he gets that taken care of!
I think we never really know what is going on inside people's mind. Celebrities like Anthony and Robin Williams seems to live a good life, but in reality, they are suffering.
I completely agree! I think it would even help lower crime rates.
All around, it would be a good decision for society. Just last night, I was watching Live PD and there was a young man stealing a candy bar. He was a drug addict. I believe if he had the help he needed, he would not have to steal tiny amounts of food.
Oh no. I'm so sorry. Can you video chat with her?
How wonderful. That's what's important and makes life meaningful in my opinion.
Wow! That is insane, too bad you didn't bet with those kind of odds.
That sounds like a great time, one of those nights you always remember!
Yeah the older they get the more teachers they usually get. I think it's good because they get a variety.
Yeah schools definitely start things younger now. Kindergarten used to be voluntary back in the day!
I can understand that as I live in Florida and we prepare for hurricanes each year with a plan and emergency rations and supplies.
Yes, you are correct. You can always "hope" for the best, but also "plan" for the worst. Being prepared is a comfortable feeling.
That's wonderful, they say children have a certain gift for picking up languages.
Wow! That's impressive and a lasting skill for your child to develop.
Did you think about moving after that?
Haha are you serious? Did you move in with your girlfriend?
Oh wow! I hope that it was ok!
Oh no. That sounds really stressful!
That is very unusual. She should be proud of herself.
Wow, I wish more would follow her example. That's a recovery.
I haven't watched actual TV in sooo long. What do you watch on Hulu?
That's real neat, I might check it out. I've only ever used Netflix, but Netflix is pretty good too.
Aw, I bet he feels horrible about it.  Poor kitty!
Aw, that's always sad, I lost a cat once and I assume that's what happened to her ;(
That would be horrific.  Do you know someone that this happened to?
That is just horrible.  I think they would have to medicate me for the rest of my life if that happendd.
That is nice of your friend. I hope you enjoyed it.
You can return the favor one day. That is what friends are for!
Do you have any idea where you will go? Is it accompanied?
Well I hope they get there soon so you don't have to wait longer.
I'm with you on this one.  What is up with people these days, I just don't understand how they could do that.
I think there should be stiffer penalties for people that do things like that, for instance more jail time.
I had a similar experience, I miss it too
I totally agree
I know that when just the 4 people in my family do go out, it runs us about $65.  So we do it very rarely, it wastes a lot of money.
A week!?  That is just crazy, and pretty irresponsible unless you are a millionaire.
Where to?
I spent some time there, when I was learning how to be an Army Medic. I really enjoyed my time there!
It's better to be safe than sorry. You can't overprepare.
I am glad you didn't get hit. I know how stressful hurricanes can be.
I bet! I hope you were able to catch up!
You are very lucky!
That's strange, I hope she makes it out ok this time though.
Oh wow, I would never consider something like that hurting a dog.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she passed peacefully.
I am sure she appreciated your visit before her passing. She must have felt loved.
That was a really smart call on your part! Were you worried?
Well, it was a very smart thing you did packing those extra supplies.
That sounds pretty stressful. Are you moving soon?
That makes sense. I hate leaving things for the last second as well. Hopefully you won't have to leave everything boxed up for too long.
That is great! You are lucky!
It is a wonderful thing that you have someone to share your life with.
Nice! Which ones did you hear!
That one is a zinger! I remember listening to that when I took my grandma to prom!
How did you do?
I'm sure you did fine. what was the subject?
That is great! Can you call him and see if we could all celebrate together?
Well yeah, that sounds about right. He has to go to the Championship first and win, then party time !!!!!
It is really could to see friends live out their dreams! I will be cheering for him and the team!
That's sound like a lot of fun! Do you know where I can go get lessons?
I am in VA. I have been looking into it for quite awhile, but I think I'd be too chicken to jump out of the plane.
Nothing wrong with that. I'm definitely with you on the organizational front. I bet they're not laughing when you get them out of a jam!
It drives me nuts when people are disorganized. My husband is hopeless - I could throttle him sometimes!
Oh man that is really annoying!  Have you found another one you like yet?
Oh man I would be so upset.  I totally understand!  I hope you will be able to enjoy your new place
Oh no! Do you know why?
Aw, I'm sorry. I hope you get another horse that can at least help to replace that hole!
Do you know he is coming, or is it just blind luck?
That is very considerate of you, I bet he really appreciates that.
Wow. That is quite an accomplishment! Congratulations!
What was is your doctorate in?
What has she been doing? undercover CIA agent?
*wink* *wink*
Ha, yeah gotta make sure the house is back up to wife code before she gets home... other wise there's going to be a price to pay.
It always is, plus it gives you some brownie points as well.
I am sorry to hear that, my wife has done the same thing. She wore a hat for almost a month when she left the house.
Well, like I told her, it will grow out, it will just take time.
That doesn't sound good. What happened that was so bad?
That sounds like an awful experience. I probably wouldn't go back there anytime soon.
Oh lord. Did you try to set it back up, or did you try to sneak away?
Oh no, that's really embarrassing! Hopefully they let you off easy since it was just an accident.
I know you're happy 
I feel ya, lonely indeed.
That sucks. Why did you move from california?
That's really common actually. There's a big exodus from there.  They voted for high taxes and now people are abandoning the state beacuse the cost of living is too high.
The weather is nice in parts of california, I've been there.
My sister got married at Laguna niguel
That is a long trip.  Did you do it all in one go or did you take breaks?
That's not bad, I was thinking you were doing it in like a couple days.
Oh, poor lady. I do hope she's feeling better. What was wrong with her, if you don't mind my asking?
Well, I'm really glad to hear she's recovered. Stomach bugs are awful - they really take their toll on you.
Why was it boring, nothing exciting to do where you live?
Ah yeah, that sucks. No time for anything fun.
What kind of operation is it? I'm unfamiliar with weight loss surgery. But typically surgeries like that are very safe, but it is natural to feel nervous about someone you care about.
Well, everyone is entitled to their own life choices. I'm sure she'll be alright.
Yeah, that's never fun. Did you lose at something recently?
I agree, it makes you just want to try harder next time.
That's great, what specifically has made it so good for you?
Wow that all sounds very exciting, congratulations!
That's so sad oh no! that's terrible. :(
They are honestly just like children so its really sad.
Awww, I totally know that feeling. I hate even going on vacation and not being able to bring my dog along. She is family!
I can imagine! Is he doing okay?
It must have been! Have you guys been apart before?
Ah so you've gone through it a couple of months alrready. How much longer is she going to be away for?
You must be so thankful!
They are really wonderful. Do you have plans to show how thankful you are?
When will you be going ?
Wow, I hope you have a really nice trip.
Just cause of the way they look or you had an incident involving one?
Yea I'm right there with you on that one along with snakes heh
That sounds like a pleasant surprise!
That's so sweet of her and what a great memory to have!
That's a terrible waste of food, how old is your little brother?
Well, I hope he soon sees that is not something that he should be doing.
That's brutal, did she get out?
Did she have insurance?
Awful! did you complaint?
Food should be made hygiene. We shouldn't compromise on health.
That's annoying, was it garlic bread?
What did you say to him after he did it?
How so?
That's awesome!  I love getting surprises!
That's so sad.  I've lost dogs before.  I know how you feel :(
Yeah dogs are man's best friend.
Yes I've got one.  She's a stray that showed up to work one day.
She's been a great dog. I've got no complaints or regrets.
Oh wow haha that's not good
That's an interesting combination, maybe you should try to keep him out of the kitchen
What grade is he in?
Awesome! That had to be a great confidence boost for him!
That's amazing! How long have you been running?
That's pretty cool. I hope you win!
I'm right there with you.. I still feel pretty introverted, but since coming to college, I've been forced to socialize more, and it's help me at least "fake it until I make it." I still prefer to be alone a lot of the time, but at least I can somewhat manage without making myself look dumb. Maybe you can just think of some topics/things to talk about to have in the back of your head for the times when things get quiet?
I hope it goes well! If it makes you feel any better, most of them are probably just as nervous and are looking for any excuse to relax and let their guard down, too. Good luck
That sounds awesome. Have you ever been before?
I wish I could go sometime that sounds like quite the experience.
How'd it turn out? Congrats on deciding to lead a healthier life, by the way.
I'm the exact same way in the gym. Music is a huge motivator for me. One time my phone died while in the gym and the rest of the workout was so low energy.
Yeah I have, it wasn't serious but I got rearended
That's terrifying, I'm so glad you're okay
That is very sad. Did something recently happen to her?
That is absolutely horrible. I hope she has a moment of happiness very soon. No one should have to deal with that much loss.
Death by a thousand cuts, I call it! They'll try to make a buck off anything!
Did you try talking to them about it? I can only assume it wouldn't go well but you never know.
Yes, I have.  One that actually died and one that was miraculously saved.  It was a dark and tough time.  Did that happen to you recently?
I am soo soo very sorry.  Its so hard to understand everything surrounding a suicide so its hard to be at peace about something that didn't have to happen.  I pray you and your family will find closure and fight for awareness for people who are struggling with those feelings.
Yeah, I have. Do you?
It happens. Hope your dog will poop outside soon.
Always sucks when you forget to save it and wake up to a melted blob of brown.
Oh wow! I HATE when you get the urge to eat something and then you get to the fridge only to realize it's gone. Do you know who ate it?
That's horrible! You should tell them as that is their property. What if someone did that to your stuff?
GOOD on you!!
I know how you feel, financial problems are rough. I know you'll figure out a way to make it.
That really stinks! Don't worry too much though, things will work out.
That's awesome, what was in it?
You must be happy to have it back, those are the best memories.
Ugh! I hate it when stuff like that happens. Were you able to get a refund on your tickets?
Awesome!!
That is very true! Was it bad weather?
I hate that too, what were you going to do?
Maybe I could come with you, I'm near Florida.
Why don't you believe him? He made have been quite the big name back in his day.
Wow, that sounds amazing. I wish I could have seen that!
That sounds interesting.  What kinds?
Oh that's awful!
Is that like the child equivalent of under the bed?
That's kinda strange. I assume that's something he'll grow out of.  How old is he?
Wow, that took some guts! What made you want to cut it?
And just think about how much you're saving on shampoo and conditioner!
Ahhhh! I've done that before, but I noticed it quick.  Did you not know til the end of the day?
That's embarrassing, ah, I'm sorry.  Just play it off tomorrow at work!
Please tell me it was not full of Oriental Trading Company rubber ducks and cheap tchotchkes.
Oh man! I feel bad for laughing but "literal garbage" is pretty funny. That sucks, can you report them to eBay?
How did you do?
That's good. I was never good at chemistry
I understand, anything you need to talk about?
Buck up little camper.
How is she doing
I am happy for you and her
I can't believe christmas is in 4 months it's crazy
Mine is the fall. halloween, thanksgiving....what's not to love.
Well the casino won! did you at least get some free drinks?
Hah.. at least you had fun it sounds like
I do hate when the lights are off too
I am sure I would too. Just be careful
I am happy for you. Are you excited?
I bet you will be fine. Just be yourself
Are you ready for it?
I am sure you will do well
That must be annoying for you, but I love cats.
What is his name?
Oh that's great! Congratulations on your upcoming finish!
That's amazing. I wish you the best of luck with the remaining classes!
Ohh what happened?
Sometimes things like these happens. Don't worry. But playing hookey is a fun though
I know exactly what you mean.  It gets so lonely on the road.  Have you had to go away recently?
That's still quite a long ride.  Do you do a lot of long distance biking?
On to the next one, as they say!
Have the new chick there when she comes home
Oh yeah.  I've never seen it, I can't watch horror films.  How did you like it?
Ohhh boy.  I hope you have a person or an animal to snuggle up to to help you feel better.
That's scary when that happens
Some people DO die from choking, be safe!
Why is that?
Oh that makes sense, well be careful
Whoa, that is scary! Did you know him?
I am glad that you are okay!
Hahaha, sounds kind of like clickbait
Hahahaha, that's so funny
That is weird but amazing! Does it work?  If it does, I will get my husband to tape his mouth shut.  He snores like a freight train because his tongue slides back I guess.  Is that true for you?
Do you have any advice on what kind of tape?
That sounds like a nice time!
Wow that worked out perfectly
Did you go over and ask them to turn down the volume?
Well, I hope you have some really good earphones - or that they quiet down - it's a big egotistical to think that no one around you cares when you are that loud.
I know what you mean. Once I had a bank where the teller's literally had butts for heads. It was so distracting trying to talk to them.
Well it was an upgrade from the bank I had where the tellers were actually robots. I can't believe the cost-cutting measures in place today!
Wow  that's nostalgic!!. It must have brought back lot of good memories
Does the machine is in good condition now?
What happened?
Are they going to pull the tooth?
That's not strange at all
That sucks. What did you do?
Oh no, the poor girl. Was she able to walk afterwards?
You're a terrific partner. You guys can do something outdoors next time, right?
Hahaha why was it underwhelming?
Lol how do you feel about spiders?
Why were you getting mad?  Were you not lifting as much as you wanted?
I see,  I do that too sometimes.  It helps with motivation
You are good at generalizing aren't you?
I have no clue.. really I don't!
How much did you win?
That's sounds like a fun trip or 8
That sounds cool.
Wow. I would love to see something like that
What did you name her?
That's so cute!
Oh you must have enjoyed it!!
Yeah indeed it must have been then
So cute! What kind of dog is it?
That's amazing, I wish I could get a puppy too, but my cat is not friendly
That's crazy did you ever get it back?
I am so sorry maybe you will have better luck next time.
Eww, it may be time to call someone to take care of them.
Oh, that had to be super gross!
How creepy!
At least nothing happened to yo
That's rough. Did you end up getting the job?
Well, there's always next time. At least you can chalk it up as a learning experience.
That's strange. What did you discover under there?
Oh my! That is repulsive indeed! I would've taken it home for dinner. Waste not want not!
Oh NO!  Are you okay?
Yeah I bet!  Did they stop and check on you?
Oh yeah? Is it on par with "I Have a Dream"?
Woah now! I wasn't thinking of a speech on that grand of a scale! I hope you blow Gimli's beard clean off his face and make 20 horns of Gondor sound!
Wow that was really nice of them
Most people now a days won't do that. Make sure to pay it forward!
That's great, man! Did you study hard for it?
Well, that's all that matters! Just gotta pass those exams!
Aw, that's awesome, did it bring back memories?
Yeah, it's always nice to take a look back and reflect on the early days.
Nice! Who did you go see? Did you catch a homerun?
That sounds amazing. All I have is my lowly Senators sea level stadium...I am mad jealous.
Oh dang. Was she a hoarder? What did you find?
I can't even imagine the stench...did you make out with any buried treasure?
Oh that's terrible.  Is he alright?
That really stinks that that happens.  Are you pretty upset about it?
I do love a smooth ride. What kind of car is it?
That's awesome! I am mad jealous that you have my dream car!
Wow, you were dedicated, did you do well on it?
Congratulations, all the hard work paid off!
That must of been pretty stressful. But did you get enough sleep?
Sleep is just as important as studying hard. You can kill your performance without it.
That's terrible! Did you get it back with everything still inside?
At least you have a happy ending for that story.
I agree. I think I am one of them, considering I gave my whole life savings to charity yesterday.
That's really great, but I swear it was true! It was a whole 50 cents. Looking back on it, I am kinda sad I did it because now I can't buy that fancy fidget spinner at the supermarket. Hopefully some orphan uses it wisely.
That's good to hear, what did she do to make you proud?
Oh wow! That's amazing, i'm sure that was a really touching moment!
Sorry to hear that. Maybe you can talk with your boss about changing the schedule a bit.
Wow, that is a long time! That shows how dedicated you are to your job, and that you deserve some time off!
That is awesome.  What are you hoping to do?
That's the dream, to get paid in college.  I wish I could have done that.  Congratulations!
Are you cleaning out a house or do you not have garbage pick-up?
That is insane! I've never heard of anything like that before.  You all should start protesting!
Oh really? What was it they served?
Oh wow... I really can't imagine eating it knowing it had those in it.
I hope she hears some good news. Is it pretty serious?
I'll be praying for her, I hope she continues to stay in the clear in the future.
Oh no, it's awful something happens on that special day that should be full of joy and whatnot.
Yikes. Well, at least you did the right thing by passing that long, as painful as it might have been.
Am sorry about that, what are others doing about it
Sorry, just tryy to be patient with them
Old school video games are full nostalgic memories for me. That is why I try to avoid them as they evoke many emotions in me
It is just that I miss my friends a lot with whom I used to play. I wish I could just rewind time and go back
I love beer! I wish I could try your guy's beer.  Is it a hard process?
Awesome, that's great news!  Hope you guys make a great tasting one and become big!
Ooh, you should not be, she should be appreciated for looking good
Aha, that's funny though
Oh, I haven't read it, but I was also sad to hear he passed
Yes, too bad he was struggling with his depression and couldn't seek help
Aw, that's so nice of them! Was it fun?
That's great! It's so nice that you have people around you who care
Ohhh..I would love that experience! How special!
I love that too! I try feeding everyone :) Awesome!
Oh geez! Why was she gone for so long?
That's pretty cool! That would be hard though! Were you all able to talk a lot?
How long have you been there ?
Sometimes we affect people that we don't realize.
That doesn't seem fair. How are they getting around not paying you for it?
It sounds like your boss needs to be more considerate when it comes to his employees.
Wow, did you ever get them in trouble?
There you go, take victories where you can get them!
Great, what is his field ?
I see. I hope for all the best for you and him.
Sounds super relaxing! I bet your enjoying it!
That's awesome! What kind of soup do you make?
My brother just graduated and is on the job hunt, and he's described his experience as the same thing.. Seems like he has good interviews and they're receptive to him, but they don't really respond or give him an answer. Sorry to hear you guys go through that. Can't imagine how frustrating it is
Good on you for being aggressive and opportunistic. Maybe they found that to be the motivating factor to give you the job. I hope it's been good so far.
That sounds like so much fun!
I totally get why you feel that way.  Your time will come soon.
I hope you can recover soon!
That's good! I bet you missed her a lot.
I'm sure she'll have a lot to tell you about her trip!
That's a long time to kind of hang in limbo. I am sorry you had to endure that for a month.
Well, at least that story had a happy ending. It could have went much worse.
Aw, I bet you miss her a lot.
Well, at least the dogs still have you for company. I'm sure you'll be happy when she gets back though.
What kind of job is it?
Interesting! What kind of things do you do?
Aw man that sucks how come he gets to get one but not you
Well after a certain age parent's start to treat children differently lol
When does she return?
Well that's good
Did you go running like crazy!?
I would have done the same glad no one got stung!
They are bad now too, they are so annoying
It can be irritating to deal with this time of year
Come on, the worst that can happen is that it kills you.
It's certainly a good enough reason to kill them.
Wow, are you nervous at all
That's exciting. I'd never have the guts to do it so kudos to you.
That kind of stinks. Sorry to hear that! Well, at least there are worst things to forget outside.. Maybe this is an easy learning lesson!
I didn't even think of that! That's one thing about tea with me, that I've never gotten into it because you get it and it's so hot, so you have to wait forever to drink it. You set it down and then ultimately forget it!
Yikes that sounds scary but overall good for the end results. How do you feel about it?
I understand I would be too but now a days technology is really good just make sure its a reliable hospital!
That's a good friend you got there.
Never take someone like that for granted. They are so rare.
What types of situations are you referring to?
Lol, did everyone around you make funny faces?
I am so sorry to hear that. Was she able to go surrounded by you guys?
It's hard to lose a family member like that. You guys should take some time to grieve.
Where did they go?
That sounds like so much fun!
That's great!  I've got to deal with loud neighbors too.  Anything specific they do?
Loud running toddler who pitches fits at random times, day or night.  Sounds like a similar level of noise :P
Oh wow, I bet you can't wait! I remember when I had to spend a summer overseas and it was awful to be away from my husband.
Well, she'll be back soon and you'll have loads of catching up to do. I bet the dogs missed her too!
Could you elaborate as to why?
Oh no could you call an exterminator?
I'm sure you'll do great!  How long have you been training?
Wow, that's a lot of dedication!  I believe in you!
I can imagine, I have been there and it is the worst just belive in yourself
Yeah it always gets bbbetter that is the good thing
That sounds like fun! I've always wanted to visit India.
Nice. I hope you have a great time!
That sounds like a relief.
It seems like it's a lot of ruckus, I've visited friends who have your situation and I can only imagine.
Glad you enjoyed that short period of peace. Maybe soon you will get new neighbors or you can get a better place.
Oh, good. I'm sure it will be an improvement from your current situation.
Omg I would have been so embarrassed! :O
That's true imagine if you had! it takes a lot of talent tho to put your pants on inside out and still manage to button them. ha ha
That is awesome, I hope that happens to me on my next trip, where where you going
Well you are really lucky to have an empty airport
I would go mad, were you away at college or in the service?
That is great, I am sure he misses you and will be so happy to see you. He will smell you coming and know your there even before you get in the door.
That's not silly at all! I'm sure he'll love it.
Yeah, he'll be all grown up before you know it!
Did it turn out how you expected it
I'm glad to hear... Weddings can be stressful
Maybe put the poop back on your neighbors yard?
Its the only way to get them to learn
That's wonderful, it's always good when hard work pays off like that!
I bet so that sounds nice
Oh wow, that sounds like it was a big mess.
I hope she didn't eat too much of it, it might make her sick.
Oh yeah? Did you go give it a try?
That's a shame. I hate it when a place doesn't live up to the hype.
That can be a bit uncomfortable for sure. Did you try and avoid conversations
If it gets to be too much be sure to walk away.
He must be really strong!
Sure,  I strong men is very attractive! You must be proud of him!
That is hard thing to go through. I hope you are feeling better about it now.
I bet. Losing a pet is much like losing a loved one. It gets better but still hurts sometime.
Aw, that sucks. But at least he got a job, right?
Well, hopefully he can schedule another time to come visit you.
Oh my. That is very unfortunate.
I know that feeling.  I'm sure she is looking down on you all.
That must have been a little bit of a roller coaster. That's kind of why I'm not wild about cats, is because they're so independent, and the outside cats can just go hang out somewhere for days and not have a care in the world about you. But I guess that suits some people.
Oh man.. so that was REALLY a roller coaster then. I'm so sorry.. I hope you're not overwhelming yourself with guilt about it. It sounds like something you could not have any control over.
My nephew is getting into golf! It seems like a cool enough sport, albeit a little expensive. I hope you're able to get back to playing again. I've taken up running and swimming, and it's interesting how much those physical activities relieve stress in our day.
Well, often people just give up and relegate themselves to just sitting in a chair and watching TV. Even if you have to force yourself, at least you are forcing yourself. At some point hopefully you will see progress and feel it getting easier. Once that happens, motivation starts to become real easy to get.
I've never been skydiving myself. I hear that it's a great experience, but I'm not sure if I have the bravery for it.
Oh wow. Is it something that you would do again?
Sounds like fund, you must be excited!
I think I will need to do that, my TV is an oldy.  I am sure you will have a great time.
That sounds horrible. I would not have been able to sleep after that.
How terrifying. I hope you were able to find and kill it.
Well, it's okay to be a bit nervous. Interviewers will understand that. You only have to halfway reign in it in and you'll hit that happy medium that's good for a workplace interview. Where are you applying to?
I bet you have a good shot at it! Good luck
Did you tell anyone about the dream?
You should call your best friend on the telephone!
That is sure to make you feel the nostalgic?
Oh that sounds like fun
Sounds like a wonderful day!
Oh My!! What are you going to do? I would buy it anyway.
Well that's unfortunate. Hopefully you will be able to buy it soon.
It happens to the best of us. It would be great if they did not make us gain weight.
Well you have to live a little every now and then. I'm sure it was worth it, haha.
Oh no, poor baby
Yes cuddles will help
That sounds really fun. Can you still remember some of the routines?
Yea that is a long time. You should reach out to some and see if they are on social media.
I'm fascinated by how people can watch golf, I always found it really boring, but if you enjoy it then great!
Oh that totally changes things I guess, makes sense.
Aw that's terrible, at least you were able to comfort her?
I'm sure you were! Those people deserved some confrontation for sure.
Oh my god! what did you do? did you tell anyone?
LOLOLOL the cops probably had a good laugh about that.
Me too!!! ii never could understand what drives people to be so mean to such innocent creatures.
Really!! I would go even further and give them the electric chair. I have no tolerance for those types of people.
Oh, I hate it when that happens. Did you find out what it was?
I'm glad it wasn't something dangerous. That would be a terrifying experience.
You do? that's good, friends can be terrible people to lend too.
I bet he pays you in full.
I bet that was scary. Did he surprise you with something?
Ahhh. How nice. You are lucky to have such a thoughtful husband.
Does it look like a space ship?
I have never seen a drone flying around here. Even in the day time
What does she do?
Wow, I would just tell her its private. Sounds annoying
Aw I understand that, I have gone through that myself and it's very hard. When did this happen?
Oh no I'm very sorry. What kind of pet?
Oh no, have you been able to calm yourself down?
I can understand that, I think I would be a mess too.
That does not sound plpeasant at all, maybe they should relocate those who are staying there.
Hopefully no one was injured at all from the accident?
I bet you are, that's some pretty good foresight right there! Did you have to use it this past winter?
How satisfying must it be to have something like that ready to go in case of emergency, and then to actually get to use it? I'm pretty jealous, and proud in a vicarious kind of way.
Well good luck with that!
What are you studying?
Do roller coasters scare you
I used to be afriad of heights too
That's a bummer. Maybe next time you can join them.
Sound like a Netflix weekend then. Hope you got a lot of work done.
Goodness, you're right about that. Plus a pet is the only thing to show unconditional and neverending love for you.
I'm so very sorry for your loss, I can only imagine that pain. I had to put my girl down 3 years ago and I promise that it does get easier.
It's the worst waiting for vacations! You want the time before to go fast but then it to go slow during. Never works out that way, unfortunately.
That's great! I'm glad you had a good time. I've never been on a cruise before but it sounds like I need to try one out!
And how is she doing now
That is awesome.  Sometimes a second opinion is all you need
Aww that's too bad.  I hope you got some solid netflix in at least!
Bummer.  Well I hope you get a chance to do that soon!
Oh that sounds fun!
That isn't good at all, glad you didn't have an accident.
Did you find any good companies.
Did you have alot of accidents that can jack your rates up.
It's okay! Try to rest on the couch and that might help!
I know that feeling all too well. But don't get down on it, just try better tomorrow.
That must have been scary.  Is that the first time it has happened to you?
Are you able to do anything to prevent them?
I'm sure that he will turn up soon. I really hope that you find him.
Maybe check your local animal shelters? Sometimes they are taken there by people who find them.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that.  Was it a bad break up or did you part on good terms?
That's really odd.  I wonder why they didn't have the courtesy to let you know that they'd lost interest or whatever the case may be.  To just cut off contact seems a little rude.
How thoughtful.  Now you have to pay it forward, as the saying goes.
Kindness is infectious.
How exciting, is he a non-traditional student?
That is really good, speaking from experience, all military men and women should get a degree.
Why? What happened? I hope you didn't get food posioning.
Oh gosh, that is gross! Maybe tell the manager so he can make it right, and make sure his staff is doing things to health codes!
Oh no! I hope you did not burn yourself.
Hopefully you were wearing dark clothing, coffee on light colors stinks!
Oh no! What happened?
Oh man! I would have been so scared!
Ugh that's so annoying. What are they even barking at?
Yeah, that would drive me crazy. Sounds like the neighbor needs to control their dogs.
I do that all the time, no big deal.
What kind of pizza did you eat?
That is such a relief, it is so nice to have money saved up in the bank.
Oh yeah, retirement will come before you know it, it is good to be prepared!
Oh wow, now that really is exciting, congratulations! Did you get the grade level and subject you wanted?
Teaching little humans will be such a joy. I really hope you enjoy it!
That sucks, will she not let you see the dog at all?
Yes, that is probably a positive.
Yeah it really does. It's even worse to try and close those accounts!
Man that sounds really stressful...
Oh that is awesome. what does she do?
That is great. my sister is an account too. she's also the office manager.
Congrats to your friend! That is an amazing accomplishment.
I would be proud of her too! Hopefully her success continues. You sound like a good friend!
Don't be. i'm sure you raised him right. he will be starting his new adventure
I'm sure he's cool as a cucumber while you are a nervous wreck. it will be fine.
It will be find. have a little fiath in him and you will see
It's very exciting. I wish you both all the best.
I remember that console, that's old school.
Those were the good old days!
Are you able to get some tutoring or find a study buddy?
That's good.. well you are on your way up!
That's awesome, can we trade?
That is a really good idea. He must be thoughtful to have cooked dinner for you and had it ready, unlike mine
That is very true
Hopefully its better tomorrow!
Hmm, that's interesting tell me more about what that number means to you.
Really, my friend had a tarantula as a pet when she was five, scared the poop out of me
Are you really able to work from home? Finding a gig is so difficult, I'm glad that it is working for you.
5
That is fantastic. Any good new lately?
That is an amazing feeling.
Did you go to the doctor
Yuk for sure
Well, did you eat her ice cream?
I wonder who actually ate it then.
So are you saying it could be the guy?
You will be fine. Its going to be hard but don't beat yourself up over it.
Then it sounds like you are already ahead of most new fathers.
That would be pretty cool to see, but you should know that typically most cats swish their tail when they're annoyed or angry! It didn't attack you, did it?
Ahh, okay. Yeah I don't know. It might have also been scared or feeling like it had to protect it's turf. But still, that's neat to see and not an everyday thing!
Nice, I guess the only times I was nervous to take a test was when I wasn't prepared, but there's only so much preparation you can do until you just have to trust your brain or whatever
Wow! You must have like every technique in your toolbox to go for that goal
I bet it does bud, I know the feeling. So how do you deal with it
Yes I know, good memories do help. every relation is a new chapter in the book called our life.
Sometimes they can't avoid it
Ok
I can't imagine how scared you must have been.
Not sure. You must be very confused. Did you crash?
Oh god. Was it big?
Well, maybe look at its lifespan? Maybe it'll die if you end up not finding it.
What does she draw
That's awesome
Kayla sounds wonderful! How long have you guys been friends?
Finding someone like that is rare. Take good care of that one!
I am sorry to hear that. How far along is it?
Keep a positive attitude. I will be thinking of you!
Did you find out what happened?
Man. That must've been really nerve wrecking. Did you get any sleep?
Did it turn out ok ?
Hopes he continues to get better
I'm so sorry!  Don't lose hope though. I know some science based nutrition that helps you overcome and kill it going high nutrition plant based vegan.  Look up Dr. Joel Furhman.  It'll save you from all the meds that hurt your body.
I know it must be overwhelming you but coming from someone that is fighting chronic epstein barr virus and Lupus, it will change your life.  Check out HIV and going vegan on youtube and thebody,com and so many other resources.  You might be able to reverse it and it wouldn't even be a concern for having kids.  You take care and have hope!
Sounds like you're feeling nostalgic.  What games were you plaing?
I've never played it but its supposed to havea bunch of old game characters in it
Oh, how did it go?
I'm sorry, I am sure you will be ready next time.
Wait, why would you be annoyed by that? That's amazing!
I think you need to look at the bigger picture, though. Someone cured a disease that has caused so much suffering for so many people. Though I suppose to can be both excited for the discovery and jealous at the same time. The two aren't mutually exclusive.
What movie did you see
Yeah I have heard bad things to be honest
Wow. Does he usually do stuff like that?
Damn well, he's gonna have to learn some boundaries with that.
It is indeed unfair, they shouldn't have done that
You are right. But hey people just do what they want to!!
I bet that was awkward
I guess that happens sometimes, did you finish the game
That is terrible and a little odd!
Wait, you were ok with her cheating?
Yes indeed! what did you do?
You did great! Family comes first. And you gave him your support!
That's great!!  History is so important I think and so few kids really grasp it well.  Congrats to him for a job well done!
Oh, I see what you are saying!  Did he get upset about it?  And you never know, he could turn it around next year and blow you away!
Wow, is that true? That's pretty amazing! I'd say science should know about your dog.
Wow, that surely is incredible! Even the accent too? And intelligent! The full package!
Dang, that's a lot of dogs. Cleaned out the pound, you did. But that doesn't hold a candle to the 100 I ate yesterday.
How dare you question my intestinal fortitude?!? I would watch out, friend. I may just slip some cyanide in your relish if I ever have the chance to challenge you!
That is so nice of him. Are you feeling better?
That's good to hear. I hope I meet someone that will do that for me.
That would bring the tears. I love looking at pictures especially old ones.
Sounds like you are conflicted. She ran off but she's the best? Are you being sarcastic?
That's a tragedy! What ever did you do?!?!
Serves her right! These animals can't go around thinking they can poop on our things!
Holy moses, he must be as smart as me. I solved that thing in five minutes last week. Child's play.
Yeah, that's what they tell everyone because, in reality, they blew all the prize money on the very same thing themselves. I was pretty peeved that I couldn't even get a dime bag and the sleeziest of hookers.
Ahh, that's too bad, did you mention it to your boss?
Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe next time!
I bet. That is so sad. I am so sorry.
I bet! I hope they can find peace soon.
Time will make it better. You just have to move on.
Better to find out now then move in and invest your time. Trust me it's worse.
Really? What kind was it?
Oh I love apple pie with ice cream, it's such a good combination
Nice, I wish I could get a pair of those shoes.
How much did you pay for them?
I love a warm fire outside while camping! Sounds like a great time.
Yes that sounds like a wonderful way to sleep.
That sounds like it could be quite a scary experience.
Oh yeah that's a bit dangerous. Candles are good to have on hang.
Why are you worried?
That is true but Dubai is a bit better
Oh no! Was it still there when you went back?
You never know these days. Luckily there are cameras everywhere.
Why? are you having financial problems?
Oh god , that sounds horrible but at least nothing bas happened to you!
Oh no, what did you do to stay cheerful ?
Sounds good, when she got back I hope you schooled her on Halo ?
What kind of health problems ?
I'm glad you feel good today!
Lol! I remember those drills when I was a kid!
And your largest hardback book will protect you from a tornado as long as you put it over your head and sit in the hall!!
That's normal. Try to just be your self. I'm sure it will work out fine.
Amen, me too.   I hate my current job.
It's not crazy! I'm all about cleaning up. I LOVE the smell of clean house
I find it very satisfactory to clean and vacuum :) I bet it will smell so good
That's good. I know that would be difficult.
That is great. I am sure you are proud and you should be!
That's always both an exciting time and a nerve-wracking time. I'm in college and I had to move the past two years in a row. This year, I decided I kinda had enough and would just stay put, even though the apartment was just so-so. Do you like it well enough even if the neighbors may give you trouble?
Oh yeah, I know the type. Where they sound like they're having a parade at 3AM. Sorry you had to go through that. Luckily (or unluckily, if you want to see it that way) I have a loud window AC unit in my apartment, so even if they did make noise, I couldn't hear them over it!
Oh wow that is a huge commitment! How did it go?
That is really awesome!  I'm glad it all worked out for you!
Yes I feel like that every time I look at old pictures!
I agree and time jut goes by too fast!
Do you reach out to your friends from your childhood?
Exhaust all options, social media is a big way to stay connected
Wow!  What was in the package?
That was really nice!  What a wonderful surprise!  This act of kindness helps to restore my faith in humanity.
Nice do you still keep in touch with her
Well if you stay in touch then I'm sure she'll come back...but in the meantime try to take your mind off her or get involved in something fun so you have cool stories to tell her
What book do you enjoy reading?
No, actually I'm under a lot of stress right now and I'm in pretty dire straights financially. The only book i'm really reading at this time is the Bible.
Where is your home village?
That's a shame. I"m sorry to hear that.
Do you live in the United States now?
Yes it sounds like it was a great place to grow up.
I love dogs! What breed is he?
That's so sweet! We have blue healers, they just make the world better.
Oh my goodness, that must have been terrifying until you figured out what was going on.
Well at least you had a good time.  Did they do something nice for you after?
Do you ever offer to help thm?
GOod for you, I feel bad for never helping out.
Awesome.  What are you going to do with the money.
Don't spend it all in one place :)
Putting it away for a rainy day is the best bet.,
Haha, that's a nice way to enjoy a sad moment, how are you feeling recently?
I'm happy to hear you're doing better. If you feel that way again please reach out.
Oh my, you must have been annoyed with your cat. I guess he just wanted your attention.
Aw he's just a kitty after all. I'm sure he didn't mean to make you mad.
What prize was it, or what was the competition, rather? I'm interested to know, but don't want to pry, if you don't feel like saying.
Ah, gotcha. It's good to see that you tried and that you care that much. Most people are too lazy or scared to compete in things, myself included. I hope you continue to do the things that make you competitive and interested.
Was it any good?
Sometimes the cheap things are the best
I bet it is! When my grandma was alive it was so heartbreaking to see her in pain. She broke her hip right before her death and she just couldn't recover
I hope she will recover soon. Stay strong and think positive
Where is that ?
Isn't that where bruno is from ?
That's great that they accomplished that and even better that you recognize their achievements.
OK I didn't realize that they may have gone after you were born as opposed to before.
I am prepared to go camping tonight in the woods
That sounds peculiar. I've never known a dog with such finesse, yours may have talent.
That's really cool, it makes me want to consider getting a dog.
What did she do ?
Wow that was nice of her
What kind of gaming is it?
That's sounds interesting!
I'd imagine so.  How long have you been a sky diving instructor for?
Aweseme.  I want to go skydiving sometime.
Wow that's a good job
Keep it up!
That sounds frustrating. How did it affect you?
Ooh, that would be aggravating. I guess there isn't much you can do.
Best of luck! What are you bidding for
Archie? marvel? dc?
Sometimes dogs just bark a lot. Did anything happen?
Thank goodness. I'd be scared, too. You can't really know whether a dog is harmless or not sometimes.
It has, what did you see that impressed you?
They're more powerful than that. More like an early 2000's computer.
What did I tell you about doing that. It was a chocolate cake right?
Ok, at least it was the right kind of cake you liked. But still not a good thing.
That is really great.  You don't find too many people willing to help others financially.  Do you have a really good job?
It's good just to have enough these days.
Which film was it?
I haven't heard of it, sounds interesting though.
That's good. I live in a small town but we have a big shopping center across the street and there are all the stores I love
Wow even organic store? that's pretty cool
Really? It doesn't bother me at all. I wonder why you feel that way?
Well, most people have intense likes and dislikes. Personally, I can't stand cigar smoke, but some people love it! I guess in your case, you need to scrape the food off the plate first.
I can imagine they are a right pain to pick up after!
What an annoyance!
Oh me too. I'm not a driver but that is so annoying.
It can be really dangerous too
That is terrible.  Was it dead or just injured?
That is true.  I would hate for people to be shooting things that close to my house, too.  Do you know who it was?
What's been holding you back?
That's a tough decision to make. It's good to try new things sometimes and I'm sure the waiters can recommend you a nice meal you'll enjoy based off your preferences.
That is very cool!  I love when food is authentic.  Do you shop there often?
I have never tried making Indian food myself, but I do really enjoy Indian restaurants.  I am jealous.
That's awesome!  Have you gotten any better yet?
That would be cool.  Hopefully the hard work will pay off
Urgh that sounds like the worst! How early?
So inconsiderate! It reminds me of my neighbours doing building work one morning at 6AM!
Me too!
How many times do you need to tell them!? :(
I tend to believe that those who have Biblical faith do have a certainty, that God will bless them despite circumstances.
Oh really, when are you going to go see her?
I hope you have a good time at the concert, and she sings all the songs you're looking forward to.
Congratulations! That must have been such a great feeling.
I can't wait for the day I move out into my own place!
I do, I live with my parents because I'm in university and I'm still pretty young. Hopefully by next year!
Those are my nightmares. They are so big where I live in the South.
I would immediately start spraying bug spray all over. Those things terrify me.
I don't know how you do it. I can't stand long drives.
Definitely not! Music is a great idea though; I listen to music on all bus rides and car rides.
That's awesome.  What kind of computer are you getting?
Very nice.  Id be super excited too.  Have some fun playing with it
Yeah it is really nice to have other people do your shopping
Shopping is no fun, waiting in lines is not fun.
I haven't heard of that movie. What's depressing about it?
Oh dear. I think I'll give it a miss - I cry at the drop of a hat! You should watch a comedy next, just to cheer yourself up!
Ohhh cute!! I am so happy for you, smart boy!
A rare one, I hope he goes a long way and maybe even be the next Einstein we need
What did you do there?
Sounds painful, did you have to go to the doctor?
Oh god, that must have been the worst way to wake up in the morning
Oh, do you have any revenge planned?
That is really scary!  What was it?
Yuck!  Stay away from that guy!
Sounds like quite an adventure for one semester! What was your favorite place?
Nice! Must have made you really happy to see so many different places.
Lol! I thought you were going to say MESSY! Good kids!
So true! Maybe they want something or they did something bad and are hiding it lol
Lol ;) Well enjoy the clean house, don't worry about the rest!
Oh awesome, I love ziplining, last time I went was 3 years ago tho, how did you find it?
Did you enjoy yourself
Ouch sucks to be you! jk Did you ice it down
Yes hope you feel better
Oh no. I have been there before. It was really sad.
It is sometimes for the best but that doesn't always make it easy.
How did you do that? Naturally or with chemo?
I bet! Look in too Chlorella and similar to get rid of any toxins from the chemo :)
Oh yeah? where you planning to move to?
Oh that's a very good reason to go, I am happy for you
This is what you need to do, get out of your car and go give them a beat down that they need
Yea but it will feel better if you take action
Oh does that sadden you?
Animals are far better than humans, most humans have long lot their way and follow only their desires, I am also like you and I embrace it and smile :)
What are magic cards?
Oh interesting! Kind of like pokemon cards>?
Oh that's sad, I am sorry for this, where are you going and what  will you do about your dog?
Hmmm I got an idea, how about when you come back you give her an amazing time?
Well I hope that you find something. Any particular reason that you are job hunting?
Keep it up and I'm sure something will turn up!
How lucky you feeling?
Well if it's worth anything I give you my luck! I hope you win that mustang!
That sounds dangerous! You should try to move
You really should! With things like that happening you could get seriously injured
Cool! That sounds like a great time!
Wow that's pretty deep!
Wow, that had to be quite a surprise.  I hope you like them
Well that's good.  Hopefully it was a good party!
What brand are they?
That is crazy did you go return them maybe?
And what happened?
How long is a marathon?
Are you nervous?
Good Luck!
Oh no! I hope no one took it!
Did you go back for it and get it?
Wow ! that's quite an accomplishment. How long did you have to practice to perfect that ?
Fantastic ! When you get older, your memory tends to play tricks on you lol
Oh really? Any interesting ones?
That's awful! Sounds like it might have caused you some trauma unfortunately.
Did you catch the person after?
That is unreal, what did you have in the bags?
Oh my gosh. what happened to him?
I bet is was. are you ok?
Oh my god, that is a LOT of weight!
That's really cool, I honestly can't even imagine someone lifting that much!
I've been to one before with my girlfriend, what an amazing experience eh?
Aren't you the luckiest?
Really? What was it?
Oh gross! I would be startled too!
You must be mad at the cat for that.
You got too, my cats don't do that thankfully.
I am so sorry to hear that. We need memories of our fur babies to help us in our grief.
People do not realize that Animals can get cancer too.  Its more common than we may think.
That sounds nice. It's always good to remember better times. What kind of music?
Ha, I used to listen to that stuff back in high school. The My Chemical Romance gets me every time.
Guess you dog isn't one that's going to take the bullet?
Lol I've never seen an armadillo but that sounds freaky!
Did you help it?
I hope it get's better! That sounded harsh
What do you all have planned
That sounds nice, must be a really good "friend"
What a fantastic feeling. Where you expecting that?
Well then. What a great surprise. It sounds like you deserved it.
For what kind of project?
Did you tell them to leave you alone?
What about doing something you enjoy?
I know it can be tough but maybe trying something new or outside your comfort zone might give you an enjoyable experience
What is parvo?
That's terrible. Can you confirm it?
I hope she is okay.
How ever so exciting! is this your first cruise?
I hope you have a great trip and cherish the time with your family!
Well that was mighty nice of them, you wash dishes ?
That's cool
This summer's weather has been really intense here and honestly a little scary
I hope it doesn't get too bad near you
Why did he get called back in?
Wow, did he get paid for it?
My sister loves mac and cheese. she would probably live off of that if given the chance
I like paprika in my mac and cheese
What kind of necklace did you purchase? It's good to treat yourself some times.
You will just make sure you have your nice new shirt on with that cool necklace and you will be all eyes lol.
It could be a medical problem. Make sure its checked out.
Ohh I see. That is super annoying. Hopefully she gets over this phase and they get along.
You must have really proud of yourself. Its good to acknowledge your own achievements from time to time.
I agree, which is why getting into that position can be so gratifying. Hopefully you maintain that level of hard work that got you there.
Oh that sounds nice
Sounds like a great time, hopefully its not too hot out there
That sounds like heaven to me as well
I have a cat too close to me, they are the best
Oh thoughtful ! Did she enjoy playing with it ?
Its quite wonderful to share your childhood memories with your children isn't it ?
Congratulations. Are you going on a hollywood
Well I am happy for you
That is terrible. Why do you think that he will lose his job?
I understand. That is very stressful. Did he started looking for another jod? It could be solution.
That's sad. I love cats
How old was the cat?
That's awesome. Did she?
I bet you are so proud. I would definitely be
Why?
What happened after your car crashed?
Flies are so annoying
I had that problem with a mosquito once. I woke up with a bite on the tip of my nose
I would have hated to clean that up. I wonder why they do that?
Yea that is so gross but also kind of funny. I can't help but laugh.
Do you have to give a big speech soon?
That's the way to go! Practice and practice until you're confident and then the real thing will be a breeze.
That is horrible. Does he puke up hairball often?
I understand.
I bet it was very embarrassing?
It's alright we've all been there many times.
What kind of pizza is it?
That's never good, I love pizza
Oh no! That must be so frustrating being in a foreign country
I'm glad you eventually found it and didn't have to sleep somewhere else.
Ahh, it happens. I used to swim competitively so I would sometimes get stunned too when I hear the gun go off
Ahaha, I hate running too
Huh, ok.  Do you like her a lot?
Sounds like you don't have much respect for women.
Sometimes the simplest things are the nicest
I hope you have many more then!
What did you do in response?
That's awful, did you get injured at all?
That is a terrible tragedy, my friend. Did the dog get sick?
Well that's good. What did you find?
Did you ask him to turn it down?  Or did you just go flip the circuit breaker to the house?
Did he do it?  Cause if not, I might have needed to give him a high five, on the head, with a chair.
That is pretty disgusting! Did it look like poo coming out again?
I can imagine. Maybe it'll morph into a Super Saiyan poo or something.
That's a dang shame. Did it get rained on?
That's too bad. Well, on the bright side, maybe a hobo will find it, read it, enlighten himself, and get a job at McDonalds.
Wow that must have been a surprise for you
You got a great husband
I know how you feel, it's terrible. I actually moved to a completely different state due to hi taxes.
It's worth it to consider. I pay less than half in property tax than I used to.
Always do the same what? What is perfect?
I have been married for 19 years and we have been together 21.
I've been through that process before and it was not easy. Good thing you had a good adviser.
You have been very lucky. You should keep their business card in case you ever decide to buy another house.
I hate when that happens!
That's how it goes. I usually consider the money as a lost cause when lending to friends.
Did what?
I have too... to pay for food though. She told me that she would have paid if I asked but I am too proud.
Sounds like found!   Are you scared of roller coasters?  I love them!
I hope you do have fun!
I know how you feel! Our dog of 8 years past away last week spring. It can be so hard
Same here. We don't know. He was perfectly fine the night before. We woke up to find him passed away at the foot of our bed. Do you know how yours passed?
What kind of thing?  You could always change that in the future.
Of course, but that is certainly not the most important thing in life, I hope you realize now.
That's such a great feeling.
That sounds really nice. I don't know my neighbors at all
I watch everyday. love youtube!
I like self help, motivation, healthy living, and a little bit of conspiracy.
Oh I get those midnight cravings all the time!
You want cake? Cake is there? Obviously you have to eat it! Lol
That sounds like a fun thing to do as a couple.
Why were you so scared?
Oh really, that sounds nice. I miss childhood.
Sometimes I feel as though our generation (assuming you're a few years around 30) really got a bad deal as far as the economy, politics, and the overall love in the country is concerned.
Things work out. It doesn't seem like it but they do.
It will. I am sure of it.
Is the city going to build them new ones at least?
Well at least they bought them out and they won't be homeless. Still sucks though.
Oh no! How badly did you hurt yourself?
That doesn't sound too bad, it could have been much worse!
Yes I do play some video games.
I've heard some very good things about it. It doesn't come out until November right?
Sometimes life isn't very fair. I like to think of it as motivation to get a better job.
It happens, I think it's part of human nature. Just try and focus on your own well-being and you'll be alright!
Good for you!.  My year have been ok too so far.
You seem to be very hopeful!  That is great.
I'm so glad to hear that! Did anything in particular make it a good day? Mine's been awesome too!
Sick, congratulations! Time to celebrate right?
How awful, besides painful, it must have been scary!
Were you messing with them, maybe? or taking their honey?
I do, as if it were yesterday. I remember most of my childhood through video games.
I really want to, but unfortunately my GameCube and N64 no longer function. Also a few of my favorite games are scratched to heck.
I'm glad to hear that! Things are really going great for me too!
Same here. Let's hope these good times stick around real long!
You barely even know her, what was she thinking?
I really hope she doesn't do anything bad to you. You seem like a nice dude.
So what happened? Did you end up ordering some once you both remembered?
People make mistakes, it happens.
Oh nasty! That must have been a heck of a pain to clean.
I wouldn't have thought it would be so easy, that's good!
I'm so sorry for your loss, it isn't easy losing a pet. How are you doing?
Understandably so. I hope you feel better soon.
Sounds pretty interesting.  How was it? Did you like it?
Wow, That much!   Were you afraid to be trapped like those poor boys in Thailand?
How did that go?
Those always make me nervous too. I hope it goes well for you!
Well, I hope they said you could have it.
You could always replace it for them since you know you shouldn't have taken it.
Are you scared of heights?
I bet that was the ride of your life.
I think those are very important lessons. Do they always listen?
I'm a parent and I wish the exact same thing.
Not entirely, but I do know depending on the game it can take hundreds of people.
As a gamer, I'd love to know more about the games that take that long to make. Which ones?
Oh man! I hate one night stands!!
Oh. Yeah. Probably not haha.
That sounds like fun, how was it?
I bet!  When I got to family reunions there's always so much reminiscing
Ooh, did you go ahead and go through with it?
Nice, that's a good idea. Good luck!
Was she nice?
How old is she?
May I ask what a cryptokitty is? I am unfamiliar.
Does he ask for money a lot or is this a first?
Do you like skydiving?  I would be terrified!
Haha, that's true but you can also live with your feet on the ground!
Haha that's hilarious! Where was it at on your shirt?
Oh no! I hope your coworkers went easy on you about it. You must've had a lot of static electricity.
How awful!  Do you know who did it?
Yes at least there is that.  But it must be really scary to deal with someone willing to go that far.
It must have been a very difficult  speech, specially since I imagine you were really sad and moved.
Of course,  do you feel prepared to do it then?
Wow. That's quite the feat nowadays. Do you still enjoy it?
Is it a "never worked a day in your life" situation?
Oh wow, yes I would imagine that is fun. I am jealous.
That is no good!  Did you manage to get on it?
That is lucky.  At least you made it home the same day.
LOL, I bet you couldn't move after that.
I bet, although with chinese you can eat it again in an hour or so.
Sounds very nice, you must have felt nostalgic for the old times, right?
Yes me too, it is for that reason I avoid looking and old pictures when I don't want to go that way.
That sounds terrible! you must have been devastated!
It was a terrible way to comes to term with dead, I'm so sorry you have to go through that.  I hope time have healed you.
I love when I'm at a restaurant and that happens. Happy Birthday, by the way!!
Everyone always looks so happy and it makes people around you happy, but I understand not wanting to be in the spotlight
Congrats! It is nice to find someone with things in common. Shared interests can be fun.
I'm on my 2nd as well. I like to think that we will do things more wisely the second time around. best of luck to you both!
Oh that is the worse.  Dis you find it at any point?
And who was right in this case?  Dis anyone turned it in?
That is so sweet of you! How was your experience?
I bet it feels good to know that you're helping those in need, too!
That is awesome, having a significant other and a good job can make a huge difference!
Those times can help shape you and make you appreciate the good times even more!
It is always awesome when work and married life get along, without getting in the way of each other.
Oh no! Did it do any meaningful damage?
OUCH. New car is cheaper than replacing the engine?
Yeah I get that. Plus I guess the value goes way down doing something like that.
Ouch! That must have hurt.
Don't worry, people won't remember within a few months.
That's what I was thinking.
Yes I know I am like that too, I can't wait for my new stuff to arrive, I feel like a child on Christmas waiting for Santa's gifts.
I guess it is kind of fun anticipating the arrival of the packages.
How sad to lose a dog you love! Ta least she/he died of old age, she must be in doggy heaven.
I know how you feel, there must be two of them though, because my dog is the most wonderful dog ever too!
That sounds like a great way to spend the weekend.  What type of boat are you thinking about renting?
Absolutely, nothing like unwinding after the work week.  I hope you'
Wow, must be nice. My parents were really poor- still are.
Yeah me too. I like that though, I like earning my way.
I often dream about winning the lottery!
Hey, good for you! That takes stamina. What was the project?
Well done! That was a challenge.
It always feels good to wrap up a big project.
That's awful!  Will you be feeling better any time soon?
I am so glad you have doctors that you can trust!
Uhoh. Hopefully you were able to stick to your diet throughout the week, though. One off day ain't so bad.
That sounds it. As long as you keep with it though, results have to happen. The hardest part of dieting has got to be the hiccups, anyway.
That's an amazing accomplishment!  I'm sure you'll do great!  Have you been studying a lot?
I hope you can stay calm, you seem really well prepared!
Oh no,that did not go welll,so sorry about that
That's good dear,congratulations
It is very important to have a good support system with health issues, especially if there are many. It helps to know that you have people that are there if you need them.
Health problems can have a devastating effect on a person if they are alone, so it is wonderful that you have love and support.
Oh. I'm sorry. How old was your dog?
Have you thought about getting another dog?
It's a hard decision, you can be apprehensive about making the right decision you know?
Yeah they are! So that is really good!
That sounds amazing! How'd you guys meet?
Oh wow, that's awesome. Is your sister as happy with her husband as you are with yours?
Did you hurt yourself?
Hahahah!  I'm dying!  I'm glad you weren't hurt.
Oh, that sounds so exciting! What do you plan to see while you are there?
The Smithsonian would be amazing. I have not been to DC yet. I hope you guys have a great time!
Oh that's really nice to have something you can remember him by. It must be very special to you.
That's very sweet. I am certain he is with you.
Oh my. I am so sorry. That must be so difficult. Are you exploring any other options like adoption?
I hope you are able to have a child some day. I truly hurt for anyone that struggles in situations like this. I have to aplogize in advance. The topic I chose was about my daughter. I do not want to make you feel sad.
Did you go for the interview?
That's lovely,congrats
I no how you feeI I have had to live in worse places than that , but it looks like you found a way out of that situation.
I had to squat in houses before. I'm glad things have changed for you and for me.
Wow. That's amazing. Were you afraid to try it?
Do you often feel like you want to be in control? Cause I totally do.
Lol! Which one was your favorite?
Did you watch Mrs. Doubtfire?
I hate it when that happens. I hope your pants covered them at least.
That would be embarrassing!
Oh really? That's cool! What style of dance?
Wow. That's so amazing. Are you nervous?
Oh my gosh! When did you figure it out?!
Wow I'm so sorry. Were you a kid?
Yeah it can get pretty intense! How did it go?
Wow, going out in style! Well I hope you found a good job somewhere.
Like where you were born?
Was it a rough place to grow up?
Wow that's awesome! Are you on a team?
I don't know what's good for sprints, I'm more of a distance runner myself.
I think you can get better dude!
That doesn't sound healthy lol. Does it ever make you sick?
Are you drinking 2% because you think you're fat? Because you're not. You could drink whole if you wanted to.
What. I'm confused. What's a juicy pump. Like a juicer?
Oh. Hahahahahaha. You go!
Dang dogs leaving their things around!
Yeah, minus one for dogs
That doesn't sound good, sounds like you are getting replaced.
Maybe you should just go single for a while and enjoy freedom.
What kind of buffet? Did you get to take a doggie bag at least?
I bet you wish you had that doggie bag now. My mom used to sneek food out. lol
Oh my, I hope it was delicious, that is a lot of money
Goodness, I would be so upset, that is a terrible experience!
Nice, what program are you running
Good game m8, pics or it didn't happen
Really? I don't find it that scary maybe you just haven't seen true terror.
I have a chucky doll sitting in the chair next to me and it looks at me all day. Now that's a movie.
Oh wow, I wish I could find the courage to do that, it surely takes a lot of will power. how did you do it>
I will totally have to try that, It really is difficult to stop smoking!
Did you have the choice between truth and dare?
Dang, street cred off the chains right there
What kind of things do you like to do?
Why do you like to pay the bills, maybe you should just get a rich girl or guy to take care of it.
Did you have a good workout?
Nice!  I really need to get back to the gym.
Oh, that's terrible!  What did you do?
Did you figure out what made your cat puke?
Oh no! What was wrong? Are you feeling better?
Oh man! I had one when I was pregnant with my son. I feel your pain!
Nice, when did you guys break up
I see, you'll find someone better
Oh, why are you crying? Is anything wrong in particular? Have you talked to somebody?
Oh I'm sorry, I hope you get the help that you need.
Oh no. That's quite unfortunate for the deer. Did you just drive past it?
I'm sure you wanted to get out of there as soon as possible.
Do you have a medical condition?
Are you trying to gain muscle?
I love the USA.
JFK's speeches were amazing.  We have had a lot of great leaders in our country.  Our country has truly been blessed.
Nice, amazing to witness birth
Good to hear, have fun with puppies!
Wow, who was the won who littered your yard with easter eggs?
Nice, he probably made you pick them all up too!
What made you nervous about it?
I see. Is it your favorite food now? :p
Were you able to get it back?
Well, hopefully your friend will forgive you.
Oh no! I've done that before too
I hope not too!
A ball, how fancy! Was the girl as stunning as her dress?
Yeah, I  can see a dress like that can easily outshine any girl. The dress sounds amazing though.
That is crazy. Did you not have insurance for all these years you missed the dentist appointments?
I hope the problem was not deep in the enamel of the tooth since that requires a lot of work.
The internet is a great thing. I don't know what we'd do without it.
We had an issue with our internet for a couple of days and it was so inconvenient!
I've never felt that way myself. What do you find relaxing about watching animals sleep?
I suppose when you feel tired, anything can feel relaxing
Really? I'm so sorry to hear that
Hope everything gets better soon
Me too, I really miss those days.
If only time machines were real.
It's good to remember days gone by
Yea, like you can remember those times but things are different
Taht is always a weight off the shoulders, I'm glad you are pleased.
I remember that feeling, finals week is so stressful, then there is that wave of relief.
Did her drive turn out alright?
Oh no! Is your daughter okay?
That's great! what motivates you?
Wow that's so motivating, thanks for that I really needed to hear that
Oh that's weird what did you do?
No no, dont
That's great. You must have been working really hard.
And it has paid off. Good for you.
Nice! How long do you meditate for?
Dang! Well I hope you have a stress-free weekend and be full of energy!
Wow. Dump him and beat him up!
That is unfortunate, he is a scumbag. I hope you find yourself a nice and wealthy boyfriend!
Tennis, how fun! Have you noticed improvement?
That's magnificent! I've never played tennis myself, but it's a sport I've always enjoyed watching.
That is to bad, is it someone you have been with a long time?
Wow, that is really messed up. Did you end up leaving them?
Also nostalgic ey? I get you, those easy days, no stress, no limits, anything is possible
I wish we could go back to those days...
I'm so sorry you had to go through that! What happened?
I'm sure it was a very difficult experience. you must be a really strong person to have gotten through that.
Nice! How long do you go to the gym for?
I never even leave the house! I am the opposite of you!
That is unfortunate, what do you usually avoid talking about?
Well I hope one day your parents are more accepting!
Oh no I am so sorry to hear that. Are you planning on getting  a new dog?
Aww, yeah I know what you mean. Dogs are so lovable. I also have a new pup myself. I got him a couple years ago
Oh my, what happened? I'm so sorry, no one should treat anyone they care about poorly.
I'm sorry hun, you deserve to be treated better than that. I hope you know that.
I'm so sorry, that is the worst feelings. I had to put my dog down as well. I know you did the right thing.
Cats are really some of the greatest companions. How old did she live?
How did it go?
That's good some things just take time
I can imagine. How did things turn out?
I'm so glad you made it through
Great what will you be doing during your time off ?
I agree with you,you'll feel good about yourself being productive !
That must have been exciting to see her after so long. Does she live very far away?
That's a shame. Does your sister have a bad impression of your boyfriend after having dinner with you?
I love buying new clothes! Where do you think you'll wear it to?
How exciting! I bet you'll look flawless!
How has that been going for you?
That's amazing!
Nervous?
That's good! excitement and nervousness are both the same, so it's very hard to tell, but it's amazing you are able to convert all the bad feelings into positive ones! good luck
That's a great feeling. Going in knowing you'll do well, and then actually doing well.
Ingenuity like that will reward you in the real world. Academia is a system, and if you game it, you've won.
Oh no! I would be very furuios!
I would be devastated! Maybe he won't do it agian.
Oh wow, I bet that was nice. Hopefully y'all had a good talk.
Well, that is fantastic. Hopefully y'all will be able to meet up in the future real soon too.
That sounds amazing. How are you planning to relax?
That sounds very relaxing. Don't forget the snacks for netflix!
That could possibly indicate that you are a free creature! and you don't like to be caged! don't worry about it the dream, as they are only metaphorical
Don't worry, you're wearing clothes now aren't you? :)
Wow that is great for your friend! and don't stress it, we are still young and have plenty of time to save up for a house!
Wow that is crazy, I know how you feel, the best solution is to probably find a cheap place to rent out until it is possible to buy one.
Why is that? comfort ?
OH NICE! THAT'S SOUNDS SO AMAZING, I love watching lord of the rings every now and then, did you watch all the sequels all over again?
Wow, that must have been nice to catch up. When was the last time you saw your friend?
Seeing old friends that you have not contacted in so long is a nice feeling.
Really!? That is very unprofessional of them to make you wait for so long.
That is frustrating. You should complain to them.
Oh no, I am sorry that you have been having a rough time, but I am glad to hear that you have grown from your experiances.
Yeah I believe that you will be able to, but never forget you are not alone! I am always here if you need some moral support :)
I agree. So often does pride get in the way of personal growth and reflection.
You'd hope folks would grow up, but sometimes people get set in their ways, and become impossible to change.
Oh no, what did they say?
That is really creepy, I would feel anxious too. I think you should report the to the police if you notice any strange or threatening messages,Feel free to also call me if you need anything! :)
That sounds fun and scary! You must be pretty fit to take on that challenge.
I'm sure that there will be some differences, but I'm sure you will nail it! Just remember to be safe!
Oh my, what are they about?
Wow sounds like some inception plot line, you need to learn how to control the dream
Sound like you're making a lot of progress!
That's great! All the hard work is paying off.
Congrats, that must have been a very stressful time leading up the the birth.
You sound like a great mother. I'm sure your son is very lucky to have you.
Wow that sounds challenging! You must have some serious strength to pull that off!
You should definitely try! It would be tough, but if you have the determination, it would be so worth it.
Oh no! You should try to make some more friends with your classmates.
I hope you're able to find some friends in the next semester then!
Yeah that sounds hectic. You think you can do it?
Yeah sounds like a handful! Maybe you should weigh your options and do whats best for you adn your family.
That is great to here!
Not at the moment. I'm too focused on bettering myself.
I'm from the south too! Are you talking about mosquitoes by any chance?
One day we'll find a way to repay them all the misery they've caused us.
Keep up the good work! You will do good in life and be a good role model for your kids.
They will notice how caring you are! Don't ever cut yourself short!
That does sound like a good friend. How long of a drive is that?
You're lucky to have such a good friend!
Oh no! I've been there. How did it happen?
I'm glad your safe! Those roads can be dangerous.
I hope that your relationship continues to strengthen.
I agree. Life is short and having these relationships is very important
Oh no! I hope it don't bite anyone. That can be nervwrecking.
I'm glad it worked out well. I bet your finally content with her being around other rats.
That's neat and sounds like a lot of fun!
I have not been in years! Was it as fun this time as it was years ago?
What kind of pet is it? Hope your animal is okay!
I heard rats make awesome pets, I'm so sorry! Is your rat in pain?
I'm sure with the help and support he will be alright..
Definitely, I think so too, time and right care.
Oh my! I hope you were the only one there! otherwise that would have been scary!
Oh my god! How embarrassing! Looksl like you will stay inside for awhile.
Wow, that's so sad. Hopefully a new love will come to you!
Sure, it's never too late. And you never know what's gonna happen soon.
Very nice! I bet your very proud of it and are excited for what may come from it.
I bet you worked very hard on it! It will be great!
Wow! That sounds exciting! Have you traveled around the world a lot?
Traveling is the best way to learn about other cultures. You are very fortunate to get the opportunity.
I agree, we need more moral people to guide us.
Let's hope they find their way to the top soon for our sake.
Did anything happen?
Oh, I'm sure. At least everything ended up alright though.
Oh man, that's funny and terrible at the same time.
Yeah, I would keep away from him for another 2 months or so.
What was it?
Wow, that's an amazing woman. did she rub off on you any?
That's pretty cool of you. I hope to have a daughter like you someday
Oh that's exciting! Are you nervous at all?
Oh wow, it sounds like you really love them. I'm super happy for you! I hope it goes exactly how you planned. You sound like a good father.
Oh man. it's always tough to lose a parent. how old is she?
Yeah I bet. at least you got to know her for as long as you did
Yep she's want you to remember that, even if she can't remember it herself
That's very dangerous , driving and being exhausted did you manage to get home safe?
I'm glad you didn't
That's nice to hear.  It's always a good thing in a marriage to show each other support through thick and thin.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Just knowing that he has you to lean on probably goes a very long way in helping him get through that.
Oh no! Were you envious because you liked her yourself, or because you don't have a wealthy husband?
It can be you, you just have to work hard for it.
I feel bad for your friend. did you tell her?
Oh god, that sounds terrible
Oh that's so embaressing
Why are were you scared? don't be next time stand up and ask your teacher you want to go to the toilet otherwise you will wet your pants
That's hilarious! Is he usually down for a good prank?
Well, that's fair. If he pulls them, he has to be willing to have them pulled on him, too.
Why's that?
I can understand that. It's a tough trip to make, but hopefully you'll be able to soon.
And how was it? did you enjoy it?
And how was it? did you enjoy it?
That sounds like so much fun! I love parties!
Hey, I just had that one! What do you have planned?
That sounds like fun! Are you looking forward to seeing anyone in particular?
Well I hope she's there. Maybe she'll regret how she treated you.
Oh no! Hurricanes are scary.  I've been through a few myself.  Was it your first one?
I lost power in our last hurricane for 3 days.  Did the wind do any damage to your home?
In the end, I'd rather be  in a hurricane than a snow storm.  lol
Wow,  you are a vegetarian?
This is serious.  For me,  I don't joke with meat
That must've made you so furious
You sure are a very strict parent.
That's great! I'm sure you'll be well prepared.
Then I am sure it will go well for you. What is it in?
Wow,  what happened to her eyes?
Ohhh sorry about that. It is well.
That's got to be an amazing feeling to have going for you. How do you feel?
It's going to help your family out so much I bet everyone is so proud of you, congrats you deserve it.
That's rough, I'm sorry to hear that
I am sure you will find someone who will love you even more than your ex did soon.
That's too bad, you have to go out and make new friends.
Suck it up and get out there, it is the only way or you will end up very lonely.
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that!
Is there somewhere you can go for extra help with that course? A tutor or something?
That's so annoying.  I hate it when that happens.
Can you block her out, maybe?  Get some noise blocking headphones?
The ones with the little colored sliders on the end? Those were cool!
I liked them too.
Has it been on the market for long?
Wow! That's awesome. I'm sure you'll sell soon.
Oh that's too bad, what did you end up doing
You should defently and don't let this affect you too much, maybe she has a good reason
That must have been an explosion and a half, did  you clean it up?
I can imagine, that's gross as hell
Oh no! that's terrible! I've had that happen before and it sucks
I can imagine. did they steal anything?
I know what you mean.  I love to see all the pictures, and think back to how little mine used to be.
They do seem to be grown before you know it.  Make you wonder how if goes so fast!
Sometimes it's ok to indulge. Did it give you a stomachache though lol?
You should follow up with a few veggies later on maybe to balance it out. I know that feeling though. Its just so good you can't eat just one lol
I'm so sorry for your loss! It's so hard to lose a parent.
Sadly, I don't think we can ever be prepared for that kind of loss.
Wow,  that's so nice of you
That is cool.  You are really so caring
Oh darn, that sucks.  Keeping a positive attitude is the way to go! I'm sure something is out there for you.
And here the job market was supposed to get great again.  lol
Oh no! Can you replace it?
I'm sure your friend will be understanding that it was a mistake.
Oh no I am sorry to hear that! They must have been really busy and it must have slipped their mind
I am sure they had their reasons, maybe you should give them a call and see if everything is alright. They may be going through their own problems right now.
I agree. The sound of birdsong, a gentle breeze on a summer's day, the purring of your tabby-cat. You can't beat that, can you?
You should! Forget about your worries, if only for a moment. You'll return feeling refreshed.
Yikes, that's not a fun situation. Did you figure it out pretty quickly?
That's good, I'd be mortified if that happened to me.
I've had that happen before. My cat is definitely more my wife's cat now. Does he still cuddle up with you?
Haha, same for me. It's like as soon as my wife is available to sit or lay with, I'm chopped liver.
I'm sorry for your loss, I bet you two were close. What did he leave you?
Oh he worked for congress? That's very interesting. That sounds like an awesome haul of vintage stuff.
That was kind of you! Has his truck been repaired?
Of course! Your dad is very trustworthy.
Can you please give a little more detail about what happened at your friends house that made you not want to show your face??
How embarrassing! I did that one time when I was sleeping in my bed and I thought I got up and went to the bathroom to pee, but I did not go to the bathroom, I peed my pants in the bed.
That is so cool, my mother in law has bears come into her yard! I'd be happy with the hummingbirds, so pretty.
The squirrels keep stealing the feed in my birdfeeder, they do trapeze to get to it.
That's amazing! We just got a new puppy this last weekend also! What kind is yours?
Aw that is super cute! Dogs bring such happiness to a home.
Oh man, I'm really sorry you have to go through that. Betrayal like that is so painful. How are you doing?
Of course, no one deserves to have their heartbroken like that. I hope you find someone who treats you with the respect and kindness you deserve.
Sugar is very addicting! I'm glad you could make it
Caffeine headaches are no joke.
Sounds like you were just misunderstood. I discuss things with my husband, too, and it's not like talking behind someone's back. That's what married couples do. Don't feel bad.
Yes, just tell her your home is a safe place to talk. It's okay to open up in the family.
Awesome! Did you play any of them after you found the box?
Neat! I haven't played them. Even though everything is becoming digital, I find there is something special about the physical copies!
Ugh, sorry! You must be disappointed. But remember if the door doesn't open, it probably wasn't yours. There's something else in store for you!
Sometimes they already have a candidate in mind but have to go through the motion...the same thing happened to my husband. Your time will come.
I can't even imagine how devastating that would be. I think you must be really strong to be able to move forward.
You might, but I believe you can have a full life as a single person, too.
Wow! A 20 foot boat, that must be amazing to take out on the lake! How much did it cost you?
Id love to own a boat, are you using it for leisure or fishing etc?
They both sound like great plans! Tubing would be a great way to keep her happy while you fish haha!
I hope you do! It makes you feel like you've actually earned it!
I'm always leery of loaning money to friends
That was a nice surprise!  I have tried lending money to friends but finally had to stop after never getting it back
Oh no! How sad! Did you ever find him?
Oh, how awful! I'm so sorry!
Wow, very cool. The last time I tried to skateboard I almost broke my tailbone. props to you though!
Is it though? haha. If you can do it without falling down then you are doing better than me. Probably a good bonding experience i'd imagine.
Too bad for them! My sons 6th birthday was just last week, and we had a fun party. There so much easier to please when their little lol.
They do. I can't believe how fast the time goes.
That must have been aggravating! Job hunting is so hard.
Maybe something better will come along!
Well I hope you got there in time and nothing bad happened.
Oh know! I hope you weren't heading to a job interview, haha.
I'm so sorry. Have you tried any natural remedies?
I hope you find something that gives you some relief!
That's awesome. Did you get him it? I bet he loves it.
Haha I would've done the same. Those toys always make me lose myself. They're so much fun!
Wow you were lucky! It has happened to me before too. It feels so violating.
Because you were not in it. :)
That is so nice of you all! I know she appreciates it.
Aww, I'm so sorry but know you made a difference in her life.
That is good! did he make any friends?
That is really cute!
That's awesome! Whats your secret to success?
Well he seems to be guiding you in the right direction. I hope your blessings continue!
First day of school I remember ,my kids first day of school, how did it make you feel?
Yes it does but we always got or memories.
Neither could I.  It was the first thing that was on the news right after I woke up.
Yea, I try not to think about that though because then it makes me sad.
That sounds amazing! How long does it take to make the beans? Do you have to soak them?
I can smell the beans and sausage as we speak.. I always find after cooking I'm never hungry. Maybe that's because I snacked the entire time I was cooking.
Oh no.  In those cases, it's either the best news or the worst news.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Unfortunately, I know that same feeling all too well.
Woo hoo! That is awesome! Congrats! When will you find out/
I hope so too! I'll be sure to keep my fingers crossed for you! Good luck!
Good think you're prepared 
Hopefullybeveryday goes well.
Oh no!  That's such a shame.  Did you go to the principal?
I'm so sorry!  I hope it gets better for her.  Middle school is no picnic, that's for sure.
Oh no! That's horrible. Please tell me you didn't.
Awww, that is awesome! I am so proud of you!
That is so sad I hope your pet gets better
That is so sweet, I think that is why she got better, your caring ways
Do you like cats? Kittens are the best!
Yes I love cats as well I have one orange one and 4 dogs that get along pretty well all together
Congrats!  How long have you been playing the cello?
How did you place in the competition?
Oh dear that's embarrassing! I hope you didn't hurt yourself.
Oh ha! I guess that's painful!
I am sorry. Breakups are the worst. Did he just not want to give up overtime or he worked 70hours always?
That's rough but you deserve someone who is willing or wants to make the time for you. Never settle for less than what you are willing to settle for.
Why did yall break up?
That doesn't leave much time for yalls relationship
Oh darn I hate when that happens! I've experienced the same thing in the past once.
Yep not always a terrible time to eat out at least.
How did they do?
How old's your child?
Just barely older than my son. I can definitely understand that.
What happened why were their so many dead fish?
I hope they are not using the lake for drinking water .
Good luck! I'm sure it will be fine.
You're too hard on yourself. Everyone messes up sometimes, even the greats.
Yikes that's no good. How many stitches did you have to get?
What happened to the dog afterwards?
That's quite the win! What was the bet?
Oh! Gotcha! I've never played the switch but I heard it's an exciting console!
Oh cool, where does your friend live? Is it an exciting location?
Oh man, don't bail on your trip. Try and get those thing that came taken care of this week. You don't want to disappoint her.
Oh no, I bet your parents were freaking out.
Oh that sucks getting blamed for it when it was their fault.
Do you get much use out of it, or is it just collection dust?
I guess you can hang on to it, or maybe there's someone else you both know who can show it some proper lovin'.
Well dang! that is very impressive!
Understandable, I bet the had good budgeting skills and a nice job.
Oh no!! That is terrible, do you know what happened?
Oh no, I am sure they meant no harm, they always say that they are more curious when they are young.
It will pass in time, even though it feels awful right now.
Aw I'm sorry. I remember feeling like that and it was horrible.
Oh that's great! 9 years together is a long time. You sound happy, I'm glad.
What did y'all do? Did you do anything special that evening?
Oh, I know exactly what you mean. It's not the same as going as a kid.
Yeah, it's no wonder these animals go crazy on humans sometimes.
Wow! what did you write about?
Nice, well I hope you have a nice trip!
Congrats! That's exciting. Is the new place far from your current home?
Wow, that's really big! I hope you have a stress free move. I know it can be a little stressful, but you seem very excited!
Wow, really? Did you have any feelings for him?
Hahaha, that is so cute, I am sure he loved that you teased him like that! I bet your classmates also had a good laugh!
Wow! What field are you going to be working in?
Dang! I hope you make lots of money!
Wow! Congrats to her, and I am sorry that you didn't get the prize. What did she win?
Wow that is a great prize! Is she able to take anyone with her or is it just a ticket for one person?
Wow, were you at a festival?
I have seen that before. I have no idea how they can do that.
O That sounds exciting. Moving or spring cleaning?
Ya last time I moved I was packing for about 6 months. It's smarter to do it a little at a time and get things purged and organized.
Oh no that is terrible, I can not believe that they would drive off without leaving any contact information! How bad was the accident?
Wow, that is terrible. I hope that you are able to catch them or find surveillance videos of who did it, because most malls do have cameras in the parking lots.
Aww were you excited when you picked her up?
I bet! What kind of dog is she?
Uh oh, be careful about that, you don't want him becoming dependent on you for handouts.
Well that's good. I hope it works out for both of you, maybe you could give him some budgeting tips.
Oh my god, you should have reported her.
I am really appalled at people these days.
Where to?
Me too. Well I hope it is to somewhere that you like.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Hopefully something similar comes along sooner than later.
Just remember to keep your head up and don't give up!
I do hope they stopped the car at least ! That sounds disgusting, but its better than throwing up in the car right ?
I can imagine when something unexpected like that happens. I do hope they are ok now :) Sorry you had to witness that !
New adventures! I want to go west.
I bet you are nervous.
Oh no. I bet they are going to charge you for a new one.
Maybe they will understand.
Aww. I had to put mine down last month. I miss her.
Border collie. She was great!
What kind of job did you get?
What do you do as a statistic
How do you think it will go? Are you confident?
What subject is it?
Uh oh. What happened?
That is horrible! I hope he was okay.
Well that's good to hear I guess. what do you do?
What's your most successful campaign so far?
I always need convincing to take my yucky medicine
That's amazing! what kind of job is it?
I'm glad your interview went well, and I really hope you get that call soon!
You can always make new friends, and talk to your old friends at the same time!
Yeah but you never know , you may make life changing friendships so be patient!
You gotta stick with what you know sometimes.
That's right. There's so sense in deviating.
I feel you there, I have a ton of stuff to do, but I can't get any of it done in this rain.
I really hope so, I am not sure how much longer I can let my yard grow before it gets too wild.
Oh I am so sorry. That must be fresh on your heart, may he rest in peace.
I can only imagine. I am so sorry. What was his name?
That is great to be prepared. Where do you live?
Oh yeah, you definitely need to be prepared. Do you think you will get a hurricane?
Wow, see enjoyment.
You are so lucky. Some men pray for that kind of wife
What kind of illness occurs if food is cross contaminated? I'm so sorry this happens to you.
You suffer from it more severely than most people I know, this can be devastating to people.
Wow that is weird.  I love Diet Coke.  What was wrong with it?
Nothing worse than a bad soda! lol.  I like the new Freestyle machines, it's always just right.
Aww. I understand you. That feeling is priceless.
It's alright to feel such sentiments buddy :)
Yum!!! I love pancakes. Is it your favorite food too?
That is great you have a sweet wife!
It is so great to hear about a happy couple :)
I bet she is a great cook!
That sounds exciting! Is he good at keeping secrets?
Fingers crossed for you!  I'm sure it will be fine.  Are you nervous?
Being a business owner is hard. I'm sure she is grateful for your help.
Yes, mental and emotional support is the best kind of support.
What kind of car is it?
Ooh nice! just start to SAVE, SAVE,SAVE where ever you can and you will get there.
Time goes by so fast. You'll see.
LOL, well there is always luck!
I remember those potty training days!!!    I bet you were so embarrassed.
THank goodness you had extra supplies on hand.   My son was the hardest one out of my 3 kids to potty train.   I feel your pain!!
Oh, did you give it to him yet?
That's so cool. I'm sure he will love it! Where did you get it?
I love vacations I hope you and him have a good time.
What cruise line are you using did they give you a good discount.
Oh my goodness! What happened?
Is he okay now?
Oh, I know what you mean. I have felt that way. Best thing to do is pray about it and don't be hard on yourself.
That's amazing! I'm so happy your prayers were answered. God knows your heart.
I've never done that but I know plenty of people who do that. Its normal every know and again but don't turn it into a daily habit!
Damn that sounds good, honestly its fine every know and again. we all have a sweet tooth.
Aw, yay!  How old is he?
I love that age!  My niece just turned six and she seems so grown up!
Oh that's awesome, I'm sure you were excited to help
That's great, sounds like a fun time. And you got to share time with your daughters which is awesome.
Oh that sucks, have you experienced the symptoms?
Oh damn that's terrible, I hope it didn't affect your life too much.
That sucks, hopefully its just something minor. You're a good person for taking care of her
Oh, that sounds bad, probably a stomach virus. those suck!
That's great, perfect time to unwind and relax, and earn money!
Awesome, sometimes they can get annoying always running around and nagging you.
How did it go?
I'd have been nervous too.  When will you find out?
Oh, I would love time away like that! How did you enjoy it?
That sounds wonderful! My body is craving something like this. Thanks for the inspiration!
Oh no, did they do something embarrasing?
That's absolutely disgusting!
Did the two of you have fun?
That's awesome. My son has a skateboard but can barely stand up on it.
I am sorry that you are out of work.  Have you had any job interviews? It is good that your father is able to help you during this time.
Well, I am glad you will hopefully get some disability income.  It sounds like your dad isn't the type who expects to be repayed.  He sounds like a great parent.
Did everything work out ok? How did you like them?
Oh, me too. I don't even like to sit in the waiting room.
Interesting, are you feeling OK having less bonding time?
I see, I imagine time will start to fly once you take up a new hobby, or school ends for the day.
That's not very fun. I hate traveling like that.
At least you got to see your family for a little bit.
Ew, that's always the worst. What were you getting?
That's always the case! So annoying. I love the self checkout options. I wish more places had that.
Oh no! I am sorry to hear of your loss. Are you taking it ok?
Yeah, funerals are really sad but they can make one appreciate life so much more.
Wow i'd be jealous
Same. I have a chance in a few years to go with the family but not 100%.
I bet it is! I love getting together with friends, especially if it has been a while...which it seems to be the older I get.
I bet it would be tough.  Was there a special occasion that brought you all together?
That's so awesome! I hope you all had a ton of fun!
Hahaha, yes we women don't want to get the men angry. But clothes are so expensive these days. We just want to look good for our men.
I guess you can just tell her like you told me just now. Maybe she won't be afraid to tell you next time....... well maybe, lol.
Yikes, that doesn't happen too often in today's culture.  Did you say anything?
That might be for the best.  Were they arguing about her color or something else?
That's really annoying. It would be great if people would just let other people be.
I'm sorry you don't get to see her much. I don't see mine often either. I'm sure it did make you sad.
Yeah, I understand that. I live about 45 minutes from mine and everyone is so busy all the time. Maybe you will be able to see her soon.
Great! Are you home all day or do you just get them off to school and then head to work yourself?
For sure! I bet it was nice to have the hosue a little more quiet too.
Oh that must have been torture! Is everything alright?
I can imagine. Glad you are ok though! :)
Oh no! that's no bueno. Usually the person that wants the least deserves the most. That's sad
Oh that's awful and borderline abusive
Ah, you must have great memories than
You know today's events are tomorrow's memories
Cool! What kind of fish do you expect to catch there?
Yum! Invite me over for some fish dinner sometime, won't you?
That sounds like fun!  Is it with friends?
So cool, I hope it goes well
That is
That is so nice when family visits. It is so much fun! But yeah, it is a lot of work for sure.
Oh, Happy early Birthday! What is it that you are hoping for?
Nice! I hope you get it! Cameras are such a wonderful tool to have these days and there are so many cool options to choose from.
Oh jeez! what a mess.
I like dogs but that's why I don't have one lol
Excellent! Stay hydrated!
Sounds like fun!
Wow, that sounds quite disturbing. Was someone breaking in?
I'm glad everything turned out okay!
Yeah flooding is a real problems these days. The weather is crazy! Hopefully you and your house will stay nice and dry.
I would be scared too. I hope everything will be ok for you. Fingers crossed.
You sort of gamble on store bought cakes, did you take it back?
You are a lot bravery than I, I do't think I could it eat
Do you feel any less nervous?  Job interviews are always nerve-wracking
Either way, as long as you feel a little bit better it was worth it.  I'm sure you'll do great!
Oh yeah! I love chocolate anything! But grandmas cooking is always the best of all!
Not me! haha I love them all!
That must be a cute picture
So young and ready to conquer the world
What video games are the two of you playing?
It's always amazing how quickly kids pick up on new skills.
You must really love that dip to have that much of a reaction to the loss of it.
I would assume so, since there has to be someone out there who robbed you of your oniony gold!
Congrats! is it a good promotion?
Wow that is super exciting. Not many people get that opportunity. You must have worked hard
Wow, that's really exciting! Good for you, you must be nervous.
That's great, what kind of work are you in?
Well I really hope you get it. You're right, you did what you could.
That's horrible news!  I don't understand how people can be so cruel sometimes.
I know in some places, the penalty for hurting an animal can be tougher than that for hurting your kids.  Nothing makes sense sometimes.
Was that a good day for you?
That's amazing! Sounds like a beauty day! Are you English?
Oh, but I bet you appreciated it! Summer can get long.
Oh, that does sound like a fun summer. I read recently that we only get 18 summers with our kids- make them count.
It's good to stop and appreciate teh moment sometimes.
Oh no, I can imagine so! Was it gunky?
Oh goodness, glad you got through is safe lol
Oh, that's not right. I have a rescue dog, she had a litter of puppies at a puppy mill before she was a year.
I could chat with you all day! We have a lot in common- I feel the same way. Keep chatting? Poor rescue animals.
That's great! So sad for those poor animals.
They should- they say people who hurt animals will hurt people too.
That sounds awesome, I'm glad he did well.
I hope he gets the team he wants.
You must be relieved! You excited for free time?
That sounds seriously like a dream. I cannot wait until mine are old enough to start school.
4 and 1. I have a bit to go haha.
Awww that will be a boring week. Sorry to hear that. Maybe you'll be productive!
I hope it flies by!
Was the owner not around? Did the dog cause any harm?
Sounds scary! Dogs are very loyal creatures but can cause a lot of harm
That is very heartbreaking. How did you find the kitten?
Very sad to hear. You have a good heart and are very caring, that is something to atleast be proud of!
Kids pick those things up quickly.  And it'll help with her hand-eye coordination, reading - all sorts of things!
Yeah.  Back when the only buttons on a controller were Start, Select, A and B!
Oh no! Hopefully you are able to get it sorted out. It's hard to keep up with all the fees for kids schooling.
Sounds like a headache, I know the feeling. I got a letter saying I had a few days to purchase a purple shirt from my daughters school. Good luck!
That would be rough.  Hopefully youre in a better spot now!  That's awesome you had family to help you out too!
I bet they do! I mean they do go to school for a while and study hard, plus the schools aren't cheap but they still don't have to charge as much as they do!
I would love some quiet time to myself, consider yourself lucky!
I have a husband and three kids, its always loud in my house
Oh no! How did you guys get caught?
I bet, did you both get in a lot of trouble?
What movie was it?  Is it currently in theaters?
That's too bad! I was hoping that one was going to be good!
Oh my gosh! I would be furious as well.
I am sorry that happened. Don't do him any favors.
Yeah, you need peace and quiet to be able to work.
My son keeps trying to show me Youtube videos so I completely understand
That is normal that just means that the other person is special
Well I will keep my finger crossed for you!
Yeah I can imagine but a little worm won't hurt ya
I understand but atleast it was not poisonous
I live in bear country.
I bet I would have been scared
Awwww. that is so sweet! Details. Boy, girl, breed.
Awwwww. He sounds super cute! Have lots of fun with him.
Oopsy. I hope it was worth it.
LOL! Can  you run out and get another pie before she gets home?
That sounds terrifying, so glad you did not step on it
I can imagine I would have nightmares about that
And be watchful when you do!
Congratulations. That's always a plus.
Good for you!
If the movie is worth it you will never miss them.
I understand. Its tough these days.
I love butterflies because of the colors. What color was the butterfly?
Yellow butterflies are beautiful. Photography can capture some great images a lot of times.
Oh, my dog did that, too! I don't know how they think it's a tasty morsel...so gross!!
I was just going to say the same thing! I'm like "Stay away!"
I love cats.
I agree absolutely
Congratulations. I hope you get it?
Just relax. If its meant to be it will be.
That must have been scary..
I bet
How long did he think he had won?
That was funny I bet.
Oh wow, did you give him the money?
That would be so scary, I am glad you are safe!
I'm so sorry to hear that. How long had your cat been with you?
It's always hard to go through that. That's why I'm wary of having any pets
Does he like to sing?
I bet he sings in the shower everyday.
You must have worked hard for that! I'm sure it's great and you'll pass with a flying color!
Yeah, such a relief to get a huge project done. You must feel proud!
That must be really irritating. Is she doing it deliberately?
Haha - maybe you'll learn to love it! There must be something good about it, if your sister has any taste.
I've never been abroad before, but I'm going to spend two weeks in France next month!
I am going to visit a few cities and tourist attractions.
Oh no, did they get angry?
Okay, I am glad that they were not angry. and I am sure they knew it was unintentional so don't feel too guilty about it. :)
Wow you are very trusting, I do not think I would allow a friend to borrow my car. Is it legal for him to drive with just a permit?
Oh okay I see, I thought you actually lent him your car and let him drive around town with it by himself!
That's a big decision! What are your choices?
If you want my advice - choose something you're going to enjoy. I personally couldn't be a nurse - too messy!
I hoep you reach your goal. It must be tiring.
Don't give up. Things may not be great one day but they always pick up eventually.
That stinks were you guys going school clothes shopping?
That's good, school shopping is always stressful for me
Okey no problem
For mine too. That was also I said.
I understand completely. One has to live within one's budget. It can be hard though.
It's only normal to want to live within one's means. Too bad you can't leave a tip every time.
Wow ! That's quite unfortunate!
Well handle it wisely
It sounds like a stressful day. You have to just live in the present so, you will not be too stress out.
When that is over then you can do you. We have to make time for ourselves.
I'm very sorry for your loss. Thinking about and remember all of your good memories with her may help.
That's a good way to remember her and keep her close to your heart.
Yes, it does.
That can't be easy. How old are your children? Sometimes I wish we could keep our kids small forever!
Yeah you want them to learn, but it's definitely hard to see them doing things that you might not agree with.
Wow that's really scary! Labor is a really terrifying thing, especially when something like that happens. Did everything turn out okay?
I can imagine. When I was in the hospital with my 3 year old they lost all his vitals as well. Kids like to keep us on our toes from the start!
What platform do you play it on? PC or PS4?
PC is the way to go for gaming. That sounds like an awesome type of game. Is it multiplayer?
That's so cute. How old is she?
Oh mine. That is not cute.
That's no good. Did you go to the doctor?
Got to make sure you take care of your self. It's scary when your heat sensitive.
It will be okay. We sometimes do things that we regret.
You have to forgive ourselves. We don't need others validation.
Will you be able to spend more time with her?
I can imagine, but it's good that her hard work is about to pay off.
What'd MS?
Well ,I pray you get through it
How do you feel about that ?
Hopefully she re considers you should talk to her about it
That is risky, what do you plan to do
Okey if she is no cause for alarm
Good. You sound confident. When is it?
I'm sure you'll do great then!
Oh how sweet, high school days is always fun
Yes it does happen
Am sorry to hear that, may he rest in peace
I hope you getting better now
Oh no! I'm sorry. Is she going to be ok?
Oh man. Don't feel guilty accidents happen. Hopefully she recovers quickly.
That's great what is your favorite meal?
That sounds so good I love steaks
It can been nerve-wracking to start a new job. But I'm sure you did well, right?
It's wise to be careful but suspecting people all the time may not be healthy. You need to build a good relationship with your new co-workers.
I know exactly how you feel. I have a crazy addiction to soda.  I don't think I can quit!
Maybe try to slowly quit? Like just drink one less a day
When will you find out?
Oh the wait is terrible.  What type of job?
Oh no! That is not good! Hopefully you were able to get them out.
LOL! I'm sure. Don't be too rough on them.
Why couldn't you sleep?
I hope so! Why are you stressed?
Oh, that sounds uncomfortable. How did you play it?
I respect that, I think it shows character and honor. I'm hoping something rewarding comes your way.
Oh geez, that's not good.  Was he bothering anyone?
I don't blame you.  I probably would have done the same thing.
I remember that feeling with my daughter, it is indescribable.
There is nothing to compare it to. I wish I hadn't been waking from anesthesia in that moment so I could have been more awake.
Oh no! It happens to the best of us :) Have you talked to her about it when you remembered?
Awww I'm sure she completely understood and really appreciated you reaching out and going to visit her!
Oh, how cool! Dd you and your dad play together?
That's great. It'll be wonderful to relive those happy moments in the present maybe with your family.
Wow, that is scary. Were you nervous?
It sounds like a great experience!
How did you feel when he gave it away?
Yeah I would have been too. As a nine year old kid that's hard to deal with.
Ouch! Was it a serious fall?
That's a relatively quick recovery, fortunately.
Oh my.. that must have been very sad. I can't even imagine how you must have felt.
I'm so sorry.! But I'm really glad you've got those pleasant memories and the memento to hold on to so you can remember her fondly.
Wow that's great, you must have put a lot of work into your yard.
Cool, I guess the grass is actually greener in your yard now!
Ooh nice. That does sound like alot of fun. Do you guys play any sport while your there?
Cool. Well enjoy, I hope the weather hold up.
Yeah, I haven't seen my friends in forever. We don't even live in the same state anymore.
I understand that feeling. I've had trouble letting go of those kind of cravings too. Has your diet been going well otherwise?
Wow, congratulations! Sugar is one of the hardest things to kick, I don't have the knack for it either, but still you're making great progress!
Oh no!  It always seems like things get lost when you move doesn't it?  Is there anyway you can go back and see if its at your old place?
It will probably be where you least expect it!
Oh wow.  How did she do?
That's awesome!  That's great exercise!
Oh, no! That's so terrible!
I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad she's okay, though.
That is a great sister. I'm sorry you were feeling down
I am glad you are feeling better now
That must've been scary! Did you freak out?
Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. At least you both survived the flight.
Oh I bet you were pretty upset. Did you guys reschedule?
Haha good! I'm glad that one went well.
It's always nice to visit home. Did your parents enjoy your visit?
Ha ha! I bet. Dogs are the best. I bet he missed you just as much as they did.
What makes you want to get softer wheels? Are those harder to skateboard on?
I didn't know that about softer wheels! Maybe in the future you can change to those.
Oh neat!  How did the little one handle it?
Oh no!  Poor baby must have been really stressed out.
Oh no!  Hopefully its just the flu.  What did they say?
That's good!  I hope she gets to feeling better soon.  The flu is no fun.
Congratulations! I bet she is excited and hopefully you are excited for her.
Oooo!!! That is so awesome! Will you be in her wedding party?
I love kitten, but I can't have one where I live. I bet it is so cute
Do you plan on getting one
Oh man. I hate that. we've had some pretty nasty storms come through Austin in the last few months and luckily i've managed to be in some random parking garage out shopping or eating when they've rolled through.
Lol. well that's no good. cleaning garages bites.
I guess in your field of work you would run across terms and methods which are unfamiliar
You'll find some like that, not much you can do
How long did it take you to get your promotion?
I bet that your bosses will give you the long over promotion. I will keep my fingers crossed for you. Good luck!
That's wonderful! Do you have a charity in mind yet?
I bet it will feel amazing to have them cheering you on! I have a feeling you'll do great in your race.
That's wonderful! Where are you guys going to go?
I'm glad you guys had a good time. Are you planning another trip?
Where is it that you go to go home?
That's awesome. I love going back to my hometown to visit as well. It's nice to see family you don't see every day.
Wow. like, very first? or just the start of the year?
How did he like it? how did you do?
Oh boy!!   WHat is the test over?
Japanese language seems like it would be heard to learn.  Good luck on your test,  I'm sure you will do fine.
Great, I hope you get the job.
So you were really prepared.
That's cool, good movies have a way of tapping into those feelings.
Sometimes it almost makes me want to go back somehow. But it's also important to move forward.
Oh that is so wrong. How are you handling it?
That's good you do that, I would be very frustrated too. That's really unfair. Can you pursue legal charges?
Oh I bet that was fun. What kind of dog do you have?
My husband was gone all weekend buying us a new puppy, so I understand feeling lonely!
Ugh, I bet that is really frustrating. Is it making it difficult to do your job?
That makes for long days at work. I hope they can fix it for you soon.
Omg, I bet they come home so spoiled.
Yeah, what the heck I don't remember my mom being so nice when I was a kid! lol
That's sad to hear. What's his prognosis?
Hopefully medical technology will catch up to where it needs to be for him.
Oh no! I used to be a financial advisor so I'm sure that was frustrating. I hope you didn't lose too much money!
As much as I hate they didn't go up in price for you, I'm so happy that you didn't overdo it.
Oh yuck! I'm sorry that that happened. What kind of dog is he? Is he sick?
Hopefully it was just a bad day for him and he won't do it again! I have a couple rescue mutts as well.
That's great! Do you get a chance to learn new languages often?
My ex programs for insurance companies and they all use the same, ancient language for their statistics. She hasn't had to learn anything new for decades.
Holy moly that's great I can't ever walk normal
Oh I bet
That is wonderful! So you will be on a vacation? Will you be going alone?
You will be having fun in the sun. Nothing like a day at beach.
Yea, once I vacationed on a Caribbean island, Lovely beaches, food and drinks.
Oh man! how long did it take to get your stuff back?
Oh wow, that can sure put a damper on things.
Oh wow that's fancy
I bet a shocker indeed I like apples
Nice! What did you guys get to eat?
That's good that it was a profitable  conversation! Do you guys talk often?
Ooh, very nice suprize!
Keep up the good work, whatever your doing.
Oh dear. I am so sorry to hear. It is possible for you to get a second job?
I can just imagine. I wish There was something that I could do to help.
I pray and hope that something works out and that the good old faithful car will not bite the dust.
That is always a fun thing to do! I hope the memories were all good!
That's awesome! Did you show them to your sister after you found them?
Oh no! What happened to your laptop? if you get a new one which one are you looking at?
Ouch, What a pain that is! I can imagine, I would be the exact same in that situation.
Oh man that sucks. I'm so sorry because you could have slept in lol
See there's always a bright side. You got a surprise day off from work!!!
That's awesome. Days off are the best!!
Hey that's cool it's a new opportunity, what are you gonna do?
Hey that's really good I'm proud of you!!!!
That sounds like fun! My son does basketball. I bet he looks tough in his helmet and football gear.
Ha! They'
That's awesome!  Have you been scheduled for an interview yet?
I would be too!  I hope everything goes well with it!
That's excellent! Is it a done deal yet?
Cool! Good luck and think positive.
Oh no. Poor baby must've been embarrassed. Did he cheer up?
That was really sweet of them. Glad he got a treat to cheer him up.
I've done one of those before. They are pretty cool. Do you think you will get the job?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'll pray for you if that's okay and  then maybe you will get it, but if not, maybe something even better will come along.
Great. And you're very welcome. I enjoy praying for other people.
Sorry to hear that. There are no alternatives?
I can relate. I don't have healthcare at the moment.
Yay!! That is great news! He must be so happy he made it!
Wow! What a great team to be on!
That is amazing. She is a very smart girl.
You must be proud of her. That is a lucky dog, a bark for each count. Haha.
Indeed you are I am proud of her as well.
Oh god I miss my dreamcast, I bet you were so happy when you got it.
That's great I have pretty much all of the ones I had in my childhood, even the Atari.
Anything you need!! I'm here for you!
Don't sweat it, it happened to me in my mid 20's also. Couldn't even tell ya how or why, just that it did.
LOL I don't think so. I think you'll be fine, maybe you were just extra tired.
Lol! I don't think I would trust that concoction if I were you.
Well then. Kudos to uncle Jeb!
I am so sorry to hear. I have a cat that I love very much. How is the cat doing now?
I am glad that she is much better.
That is very scary, how did you get home
That is dangerous, glad that both of your are okay
Okay, well if you have it then you would have to see a doctor.
Now that is interesting, I wish you the best of luck.
Oh really? Are you afraid of missing out on something?
Well it is good to have extra food on hand these days. You never know what major event can happen.
Oh my! Is she ok, and was it while surfing?
Did you recover the leg? And I once almost got my finger bit off by a snapping turtle, it wasn't a pleasant experience so I couldn't imagine hers. You are great for staying there.
How could you? Oh dear now you would have to apologise
I am glad that you were able to reschedule
I am sure that was an interesting conversation.  What did your friend think?
Lol   I think that even the people who like him would agree with that
That must have really been a wonderful surprise!
Yeah childhood ends way too fast it's great when we have a chance to reflect on them.
Nice, the windy city! Had you been before?
I've never been but would love to go one day! Ah no what was wrong?
Aww, that is nice. Where did you study abroad?
Wow, how exciting! I also traveled Europe and Italy many years ago. I loved it!! Wish I could just move there. :)
Wow that's incredible. What was her anme?
Haha that's really funny. I bet she was a special person.
I am too! What are your plans?
I've been to Universal and everything else around there, but sadly never during halloween, I've always wanted to.
That's rare these days, I was with mine for 7
I hope you at least got a severance package!
Was it a bad one? And did she find out?
Sometimes the lies get so heavy you just crack. Good for you though.
I know how hard that can be. Is it working out?
It does take a lot of stress off of you.
I hope you are ok, what happened?
I can believe so , Hope you get justice, and a paycheck!
That's always fun! Did you get anything cool?
YAY! I think shoes are a great gift.
Nice, how did it go? Was the guy nice?
That's great! Did you get the job?
That sucks. Do you know what caused the outage?
You don't realize how dependent we are on electricity until the lights go out.
Oh nice! That seems more likely than winning the state lottery. That would be so cool if you won!
That sounds like a really nice program. Where can I buy some tickets?!
Were they a close friend? And did you pay them with pizza?
I had a shoulder injury when I last moved, except I had to pay movers and pretend they were my friends for a day.
Sorry to hear that. What would you do if you won it?
It is good to dream. Dreams can come true. :)
Oh , was it good? I've considered it.
Only if you are choosing that, over real tangible moments with friends or outside people.
That would take a miracle , or have some major money backing it.
Take some small steps and vote in other things for people with the right values, not just pandering to the ignorant.
I'm sorry to hear that, how long did you have him?
Yeah that is a long time for a fish, do you have plans to get another one
What happened?
I hate when that happens, They expect us to be on point every time, yet they can't bother. I usually decline anything after.
Oh no! Did you lose a lot of work?
I can relate. I have lost whole essays for the same reason. I had to call in sick for school because of it.
I'm a browns fan I feel that pain
Yea me too it sucks
You should probably go to the doctor about that
You could have a tear on your eye. You really should get it checked out
I bet that was fun, who did you go see?
Magic is such a cool thing. That suspension of belief.
Oh that's wonderful! Is it a job that you would enjoy?
That's great! I hope you do well and get the job. good luck!
That is good, what are you going to do to celebrate
That is always good, have one for me!
Aww, that was sweet of her. Does she do that often for you?
That's wonderful. It's nice to have someone in life who cares for your well being.
Oh wow. How far away did you move??
Awww! I know they miss you, too. I hope you're finding some fun with living on your own too!
I feel you. Last week, I spend 1000 dollars to fix my daughter's teeth. Dentists ask a lot of money now a days.
Ohh well that's good for you. These kind people always help in difficult times.
Sounds good so far
That's a great feeling
Ohh He is so hardworking. You are very lucky.
Ohh good for you. You two are made for each other!
Oh that's great
That's always super
I bet that gave you some good feeelings
Yeah I bet. but atleast you have the memorys
O no! Can you fix it?
Well it is not hard to build a mailbox I'm sure you can do it
Now that's some super news
That's great
What did they do?
That is awesome! I bet your happy about that
Oh my gosh! How many did you adopt?!
Oh, I see! What a lovely surprise though. What did you do with her litter?
Yeah it is hard to leave our animals behind
That is nice of her!
Aww that's so cute! Did he enjoy it?
Poor guy was just nervous, I'm sure the more you take him the more he will venture away from you and have some fun!
Well hopefully he is understanding, if he is anything like my brother nothing a cold 6 pack won't fix.
All is well that ends well, especially with family they gotta give ya do overs.
That is a great idea! how is it so far?
Yeah you will improve yourself and feel good about it
That's great
I bet it did
That's good, did you have to wait there or were you able to go home?
Haha that;s rare when it comes to mechanics.
I'm sorry, that's awful. its a shame his parents aren't being more supportive
I'm sure he appreciates having you around though
That was really nice of them. I bet you're appreciative.
I'm sure you'll do a favor for them in the future.
Yikes! That is terrible! What a awful thing to do! I am glad he finally got busted! Wow, for years, huh?
Yeah, me either. Hopefully they regret what they did and are able to learn something from this.
I enjoyed highschool, too.
College was pretty laid back for me, I did a lot of online classes.
I am sorry for your loss. I hope you can find comfort during this difficult time.
You will, and that is what gives us the strength to face tomorrow!
Happens to everybody. My girlfriend, who is the smartest person I know, has had to make 5 duplicates of her car keys because she's locked herself out so much. She's so forgetful because she's so efficient and on top of everything else important, that sometimes she misses the small things. Maybe that's true in your case, too!
I've heard some people place theirs in a bowl near the front door as soon as they come home, or they stick it in the fridge with their lunch.. silly things to make sure they can keep it together.
Wow. That must be a very special friend. I net you were surprised.
Oh dear. Maybe he is a loner and doesn't like friends.
Oh that's just a recipe for disaster 100% of the time.
Mine has too. I think you did the right thing by not getting involved.
Hm, who might that be?
That's neat. You must trust him a lot given his track record of making money!
Oh my goodness!  That's amazing!  Congratulations! Was it your first gold medal race?
That is awesome! It is for running?
That sounds exciting and scary.  What was the surprise?
That is so awesome.  Did you have fun? and more important, are you a pilot now?
That's cool, did it bring back some good memories?
I love the 90's also, best decade in my opinion!
Oh no, did you get hurt?
Yikes, I'm sorry to hear that.  That sounds horrifying!
So what did you do?
Well, I bet your friend had a good time with you being there. Sometimes we have to make sacrefices for those we care about.
I'm sorry. My wife could sympathize with you since I'm gone a lot on business as well.
I'm sorry you feel lonely.  My wife says she ofens feels the same way.  I know your husband misses you awfully while he's away.  I love having chats with my wife every day when I'm gone.
Just be confident and you will do great!
You got this!
Ah, yeah moving can be hectic! Are you moving somewhere you want to be?
That's a positive at least, good luck on the move!
Oh no!!! Did you see what happened to the dog?!
That's so sad! What on earth is a dog doing around a highway?! That just breaks my heart..
I can understand the anxiety. Its a whole new different experience for first timers!
Same thing happens to me. I sometimes faint at the sight of a needle! Its good that your experience went well! Now you won't be nervous anymore.
Aww! That is so cute! Has he done something special this week that made him extra sweet?
That is so sweet of him. Its definitely the little things.
Good! What's been going on?
Woo! Congrats on that! That's always a nice surprise. What do you do?
Yeah exactly!  Music is awesome.
Yeah he sounds amazing.  Sorry for your loss friend :(
Never too old or too manly to snuggle a stuffed animal. My mom said I used to carry this blanket with me when I was a toddler, everywhere I went. I wish I still had it. If I did, I'd consider using it again, or at the very least passing it down to my own kid. What's the harm, you know? If something gives you comfort and doesn't bother anyone else, there should be no shame.
Well, if I were you, I'd keep it up, whether or not my spouse laughed at me, or a new girlfriend/boyfriend, whatever. It's not childish to me. Life is stressful enough. Let us snuggle what we want.
Aw! That's horrible, I'm sorry to hear that.
That's so sad, I don't even know what to say!
Oh no! That is really creepy, why is he in your backyard?
Yeah, that's illegal I think, they need to at least knock or ring the door bell!
I am so sorry to hear that. It can't be easy for you and your family.
No doubt it will take time to process. I wish your family the best. Stay strong my friend.
What shows are your favorite? That must be nice.
Must be nice, got any nice snacks?
Good choice. You're health is more important than some grad degree.
I think nowadays employers just want experience. So it should be easier once you have that.
Ah, I hate when that happens! How embarrassed were you?
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully you're not seriously hurt!
You're sweet, what kind of soup did you make him?
I love chicken noodle, he must be so grateful.
I bet that was a little embarrassing.
I am sure it was not as bad as you think.
Wow! What kind of meeting is it?
Dang! I hope you have successful meeting then!
Oh no, was it romantic texts?
That's sad. I hope you are OK.
That must be weird to talk to your ex still.
You must have feelings for him that are lingering.
Nice! It feels good to be confident. When do they come out?
As you should. You must have good teachers too!
Why? what happened to it? is it okay?
That sounds terrible, I hope you didn't cry alot.
Oh yeah?  Do you know someone that lives there?
Yeah.  That's awesome that you do that though.  Makes for some special moments with your daughter and teaches her stuff.
That sounds cool!  I bet she cooks good!
Haha same here!
I am so happy for you that you have someone you can trust so completely.
Hopefully she knows how much this means to you.
DID HE GET ACCEPTED? I HOPE SO
OMG that's amazing, good on him! you must be so proud
Oh wow, how did your mother handle this, how did you handle it . I can only imagine the pain.
That is really painful, I hope everything becomes better soon.
Where did he go study at? I can imagine how hard that could be. but it's good to see him following his dreams\
Aerospace engineer that sounds very interesting. hopefully he will stay focused and reach his goals.
Aww that's amazing, I am going on vacation next week and I can't wait
I know! I am sure you were able to recharge your batteries
Do you have any special welcome-back events planned?
That sounds great. Does he travel often?
How exciting! I hope everything goes as planned!
Sounds like you have a good relationship. I hope when I get married it turns out just as good.
Aww. I'm sure you must feel proud of him
That sounds so cute
That is good news. its always good when what you learn helps you get ahead
I hope you do well and excell
An adult did this?
I don't get people sometimes. Who does that that sort of thing.
Aww, they grow up so fast!!  How did she do?
Haha, I'm sorry you were so upset for nothing!  But it's so great that she loves school.  I hope she loves learning her whole life.
What went wrong?
That is all that matters, its about the love.
I understand. Did you told your friend?
Wow, it is terrible.
Did you go see who it was?
No that's scary stuff.
That is great. What is it fun?
That is always difficult.
I am single and never been married. I assume arguments are part of marriage.
I'm bad at giving advice especially to people I don't know.  I'm the opposite.  I'm too mellow. And that sometimes gets me in trouble.
In some ways that is a bit funny but it certainly can be a scary time to come home alone to an empty dark house.
I hope you aren't still scared of your shadow?
I don't think you should feel too bad about missing one day!  It sounds like you're generous regularly.  I get it though.
It's hard to see people and not be able to help.  You seem really giving!
Children are a beautiful thing for us parents. What a great memory you have of that.
That's perfect, a boy and a girl that's what most people want. congrats.
In what do you believe?
That is great. In what do your colleagues believe?
What car did you buy?
Jeez. Where do you live? I don't remember any state I've been to with bad drivers.
Good luck! My sister-in-law has been with weight watchers for a while now. She loves the camaraderie and how everyone encourages each other.
You'll reach your goal. You just have to make small adjustments which'll sustain you throughout your life. How many meetings do you attend?
That test seems so hard. I probably couldn't even pass it. How did you do?
I didn't know that. Congratulations. That's so awesome.
That must have been nice. I keep cards too.
Of course not. There is so much paper in this house. I keep cards, photos, school projects. Everything. We aren't here forever
I found lots of things to pass down when my grandmother passed. I think they passed down their hoarding to us lol
Lol. Me too!!
Why was it slippery
Oh no, were you okay
Oh no. Why are you keeping the secret?
Oh it sounds like you are in a difficult situation. I hope you can get out of the middle of it!
Oh I am sorry. Did you get any part?
I am glad you got a good part. I am sure it is a let down to not get what you were hoping for though.
That is wonderful, I imagine she is very excited.
Okay I see well, take your time she will be getting her liscense soon
She just needs to get her confidence and I am sure you are a great teacher.
It will definitely paid off and I am rooting for her.
That can be overwhelming. Are you going to be cleaning all day then?
I'm sure you will get it done!
That's neat. Do you guys make a lot of money?
I wish my siblings were like that. We should be more supportive and close like that
I am jealous lol
I will work on it with my family.
Wow!  It sounds like your kid is quite smart and gifted!  You must be really proud of him!
Man, that is amazing that both your kids are so talented.  I hope my little ones are like that.  Congrats on your great parenting!
Are you able to learn the route first before you have to take it for your job or are they kind of just throwing you into it?
Well hopefully you're able to familiarize yourself quickly. Good luck!
That's sad. Have you been to Scotand since?
I'm sorry to hear that. Were you born there?
96! Wow. That's a full life!
Wow. She probably couldve kept going for years if it wasn't for that.
Excellent! Are you enjoying it?
Sick. I hope it's as fun as it looks!
I am glad that she is living close to you. That must make you feel special. My mom is dead so I understand how you feel.
I am happy that your mom is still around. Cherish the days that you spend together.
Are they typically bad or something?
Oh that makes sense, well enjoy the peace and quiet!
That's awesome. What did you guys do?
That sounds fun!
Poor thing! What did you do?   Did you take it home with you?
Eww,  that is great you took such great care of him.
That 's nice of you.  Did you keep it as a pet
Cool.  Some birds shouldn't be in captivity.  What kind of bird was it
That is a nerve-racking experience. But I'm betting you did graduate and did just fine!
Congratulations! Waiting for results can be very stressful - everything's out of your hands and all you can do is wait.
I'm sure she understands, just tell the truth!
Yeah, I'd be pretty scared too, but it's better to be upfront about it to get it off your chest
Oh boy. Did you not get the memo that you were supposed to be wearing a dress?
Everyone looks good in a dress. Just make sure to shave first.
Oh man, I did too.  I still do every once in a while but only when I'm having trouble sleeping.  Does one stand out from the rest that you remember vividly?
Creepy! I once had a dream of a Lion laying at the end of my bad. It was scary but also comforting.  I feel like I could've touched it. Glad you're free of those dreams now.
So you probably felt pretty guilty huh. Did you return what you stole?
Glad to hear you stopped with your wayward habits before the Po Po caught up with you!
I've always liked the idea of meditation, but I feel like it'd be hard. My mind is always racing!
Awesome, I'll check that out! I hear all sorts of great things about meditation.
Me too, do you have any special plans?
How fun! yes I am sure they will have  a great time!
Is it for college?
Well good luck, I hope you get in!
I love cooking! What types of things do you like to cook?
I am also a vegetarian and I love cooking Italian food.
Those are so much fun. Was everyone hype?
Tight. Probably won't be able to do that again!
Oh my gosh, so tiny. I'm hoping since he was released from the hospital he is doing well now?
I can imagine. I'm glad to hear he's better! Life is such a gift.
That is really nice that you guys have that trust.
That is an awesome goal! Good luck!
I hope it didn't mess up your clothes. I'm sure it was a mistake.
I'm glad it didn't mess anything up and that your relationship with your sister is still in tact.
Oh no. I rent also so I know your pain. My last landlord was awful.  How did your landlord react?
Oh good, glad he did that instead of just coming down on your for not paying.  Glad it worked out for you.
Lucky you did that in time!
Sounds like it worked out great for you!
Wow! You should do something back for her!
Nice, I am jealous of your friendship!
Was it something important that you took ?
I see, did they ever find out it was you ?
That is awful, I am sorry to hear that.  Is he doing better now?
I'm so glad he is better.  Is the whole family doing alright?  I know that can be really hard on people.
Life was easier back then, Hopefully you still love life?
Nostalgia can stir emotions. You'll find something to love about life again.
Oh, no!  What happened?  Did she just get loose?
Thankfully, they are both okay.  Dogs or cars, or anything for that matter could get them!
What?
Congrats! I bet that feels great!
That is embarrassing. I would hate to have that happen.
That is the best way to handle those situations.
Ouch! I can relate. What made you decide to drink a whole gallon in a day?
Haha! I hope you experience no seriously ill effects!
Sheesh that is brutal, did you smack him?
I don't blame you, that is low.
Me neither, I hate it when they just won't leave you alone
Yes! I feel the same
Always try to brush your teeth at least twice a day, it helps
If you don't take care of your teeth then you will have a bad time later in life
That is bizarre, have you had this seen about?
That is odd, are you afraid when you wake up?
You sound a lot like my husband. He is really into going to the gym. Life isn't right if he doesn't get gym time.
I agree. Its pretty cool to see the changes. I never really got into going to the gym though.
I have been skydiving, too! It was a fun experience.
I lost my hearing for a few hours after though, but other than that it was a wonderful experience.
That is great, did something recently happen?
Awesome! What type of music?
What possibilities do you speak of?
That sounds pretty exciting.
I've never been much for meditating. I'm glad you enjoy it.
What got you into meditation?
I think that's a good idea so you aren't always dependent on others to have fun and just enjoy time to yourself.
Meditation on goals and positive ideas during some of that alone time can be so uplifting and refocuses you.
I used to struggle with the same problem, it can be overwhelming
I agree!!
Grats.  How long have you been working out for?
Keep your diet clean and you'll keep improving.
That sounds nice. Hopefully it isn't too hot for you.
Are you going to be sleeping in a tent?
That's just so sad. House fires are terrifying to me.
The wiring was probably old and not up to code anymore.
Did it go flat?
That is very fortunate!
That is really nice of you!  Is the cat OK now?
That's good.  If not for you, who knows what could have happened.  You must be a very caring individual.
I think that is a lovely thing
If its important, you will figure it out
Yea, its a good idea to take time for yourself when you can
I think relaxing is very important
Yeah as a child it's hard to see other kids with a bunch of friends when you don't have that many.
Well, I hope you got over that issue and ended up making lots of friends yourself.
Oh man! that's impressive, those baths are rough.
That's good. But still! You must be pretty tough!
Are you taking protein?
That is good, hopefully it helps!
I agree, were you recently screwed by one?
Yep its disgusting
That is sweet of you, kids are cute
Oh that is not good, I hope you were able to clean it up easily...
Wow I haven't thought of them in years.  Sometimes it is good to have bands you can always go back to
True.  I have favorite bands to that I consider to be musical comfort food
Nice! Are you getting a car soon too?
Definitely, especially when you get really hungry at night. I love a good drive thru
That is awful. I've had it happen to me once before.
I sure hope so, too! It is a lot of work to get it sorted out.
Yeah... that seems like a hard gig, especially in today's day and age, where everyone's so wary, and especially since there's not often people at home during the day. You have to have good people skills to do that job, though. So, you at least probably have that going for you.
Ah.. yeah, I'm sorry you had to run into that kind of problem. It's hard doing a job you don't agree with the ethics of. There's really no way to fake it sometimes. But at least you were able to realize that and stand by your morals.
Is he going out drinking?
That is such a tough time, my son is teething as well
Well I am not a religious person but I will have to say it urks me when I am surronded my religious people that is trying to push their belief on me. Then seeing them feel people heads with stuff that they can not prove is there irritates me also
Lol. exactly how I feel
Oh, that's not unusual. You must try to relax. Is it an important presentation?
I see, I hope it goes well for you. Remember to breathe!
That is a scary situation. People do not care anymore.
You are so right!
That is awesome, what degree are you working towards?
I can imagine, waiting sucks!
That's kind of odd. I probably would have tried to take a swing just out of pure instinct. What was the reason they wanted to wake you up?
Hahaha.. that's kind of goofy in a way. Yeah, sometimes nothing good can come of people trying to get your attention randomly in the middle of the night. That's probably the wisest choice. I probably wouldn't be able to act that good enough to pull it off.
Ouch!  What did you take?
Was it an awesome keyboard worth getting in trouble for?
Congrats! That's so exciting do You fel ok?
YAY! good job! He/she is going to be beautiful
I still think it is, I always get so excited
Yep that's one of the things that make it so nice
Oh wow that is weird. Did you say anything to him?
Yeesh, how awkward is that.
Were you able to take the plate id?
I understand. Sorry to hear about that.
Oh nice. What kind of candy was it?
Oh yeah I think I have tried that one! I love anything by Haribro!
Glad to hear it. I hate hearing about children having tragic childhoods and not being able to just simply be a kid. But at least she'll have a good perspective and appreciate life more.
Even if she does, it will help make her a well-rounded, relatable person. Usually these things help ground kids and give them character. But maybe you're right, if she moves on from it quickly, that's great too!
What had he made in the world?
That's super cool, I played a few years back but eventually quit.
I am really sorry to hear that.  I hope everything is alright.
Well, that is just terrible.  I hate it when companies jerk you around like that.  I hope you will be able to reschedule it, although I know that wouldn't make up for the frustration.
That is a great way to look at it
Yeah more people should look at life like you do
Did you call the exterminator?
I live in Texas to so I know those feels
